Ummi says: "A betrothal necklace?"
Kuruk says: "Ummi, will you marry me?"
Ummi says: "Yes!"
Kuruk says: "We were to be married in the Spirit Oasis. But on the day of our wedding, tragedy struck."
Kuruk says: "Ummi! No!"
Kuruk says: "Ummi fell into the spirit pond, as if some unseen force pulled her in."
Kuruk says: "She's gone ..."
Kuruk says: "She didn't drown. She disappeared into the Spirit World ... Koh took her to punish me for my past mistakes.  Every year, on the anniversary of our wedding, I traveled  to the Spirit World hoping to save my wife from Koh. But I failed."
Aang says: "I'm sorry. I know how that feels.  Wait! I've seen her!  Koh still has her! When I was in Koh's lair, he showed me Ummi's face!"
Kuruk says: "Thank you, Aang. My search is not over yet. I will keep hunting Koh until Ummi and I are reunited.  Hurry! Avatar Yangchen is waiting for you!"
Aang says: "Hello? Avatar Yangchen? Anyone here?"
Yangchen says: "It's an honor to meet you, Aang."
Aang says: "It's been such an amazing experience to meet my past lives."
Yangchen says: "And what did you learn by meeting them?"
Aang says: "Well ... I realized that no Avatar is perfect. They all struggled and made mistakes. Like me."
Yangchen says: "Very wise."
Aang says: "But it made me wonder - why is the Avatar Spirit a human in every life? Wouldn't it be better if the Avatar was an all powerful spirit that never died?"
Yangchen says: "I don't think so.  The Avatar must be compassionate towards all people ... and the only way to do that is to live with them.  The Avatar must experience sadness ...  Anger ...  Joy ...  and happiness.  By feeling all these emotions, it helps you understand how precious human life is ... so you will do anything to protect it. If you were an all powerful spirit living on the top of some mountain, you wouldn't have much in common with an ordinary person. So the Avatar continues to take human rebirth.  And with each life, learns what it means to be human."
Aang says: "Now that I've reconnected with all of you, does that mean the Avatar Spirit is okay?"
Yangchen says: "Yes, but your physical body is still injured. You need time to heal.  And unfortunately, it seems your ability to enter the Avatar State has been disrupted. You won't be able to rely on your past lives to help you. You must rely on your friends. And when you wake up, you won't remember this journey to the Spirit World. It will be like a forgotten dream.  Until we meet again, Aang."
Main Aang Fang Hei Bai Kuruk Kyoshi Roku Yangchen Antagonists Koh (flashback only) says: "Minor 46th Earth King (flashback only) Appa (flashback only) Dai Li (flashback only) Kaja (flashback only) Katara (flashback only) Momo (flashback only) Royal Earthbender Guards (flashback only) Tui and La (flashback only) Ummi (flashback only) Toph (flashback only) Yue"
