Haru says: "Katara?"
Katara says: "Haru!"
Haru says: "What are you doing here?"
Katara says: "It's my fault you were captured. I came to rescue you."
Haru says: "So, you got yourself arrested?"
Katara says: "It was the only way to find you."
Haru says: "You've got guts, Katara. I'll give you that.  Come on. There's someone I want you to meet."
Haru says: "Katara. This is my father, Tyro.  Dad. This is Katara."
Katara says: "It's an honor to meet you."
Tyro says: "Have some dinner, Katara.  It's not as bad as it looks.  It's still pretty bad though."
Prisoner says: "Tyro. The prisoners are complaining there aren't enough blankets to go around."
Tyro says: "I'll talk to the guards. In the meantime, make sure the elderly are taken care of. The rest of us will simply have to hope for warmer weather."
Katara says: "If you don't mind me asking, what's your escape plan?"
Tyro says: "Excuse me?"
Katara says: "You know, the plan to get everyone off the rig? What is it? Mutiny, sabotage?"
Tyro says: "The plan? The plan is to survive. Wait out this war. Hope that one day some of us can get back home and forget this ever happened."
Katara says: "How can you say that? You sound like you've already given up!"
Tyro says: "Katara, I admire your courage. And I envy your youth. But people's lives are at stake here. The warden is a ruthless man, and he won't stand for any rebellion. I'm sorry, but we're powerless."
Katara says: "We'll see about that."
Katara says: "Earthbenders! You don't know me, but I know of you. Every child in my Water Tribe village was rocked to sleep with stories of the brave Earth Kingdom, and the courageous earthbenders who guard its borders.  Some of you may think that the Fire Nation has made you powerless. Yes, they have taken away your ability to bend. But they can't take away your courage. And it is your courage they should truly fear! Because it runs deeper than any mine you've been forced to dig, any ocean that keeps you far from home! It is the strength of your hearts that make you who you are. Hearts that will remain unbroken when all rock and stone has eroded away. The time to fight back is now! I can tell you the Avatar has returned! So remember your courage earthbenders,  let us fight for our freedom!"
Sokka says: "Your twelve hours are up; where's Haru? We've gotta get outta here!"
Katara says: "I can't."
Sokka says: "We don't have much time. There are guards everywhere. Get on!"
Aang says: "Katara, what's wrong?"
Katara says: "I'm not leaving.  I'm not giving up on these people."
Sokka says: "What do you mean you're not leaving?"
Katara says: "We can't abandon these people! There has to be a way to help them."
Aang says: "Maybe she's right. What do you say, Sokka?"
Sokka says: "I say you're both crazy!  Last chance! We need to leave, now!"
Katara says: "No!"
Sokka says: "I hate when you get like this. Come on, we better hide."
Aang says: "Go hide."
Captain says: "Look!"
Warden says: "Tell me exactly what you saw."
Captain says: "Well, sir, it looked like a flying bison."
Warden says: "What?"
Guard says: "It was a giant flying buffalo, sir. With an empty saddle."
Warden says: "Which was it? A buffalo or a bison?"
Captain says: "Uh, I'm not sure what the difference is, but that's not really the point, is it, sir?"
Warden says: "I'll decide what the point is, fool!"
Warden says: "You! Wake up the captain. Search the entire rig!"
Guard says: "Uh, sir."
Warden says: "What?"
Guard says: "That was ... the captain you just threw overboard, so ..."
Warden says: "Then wake up someone I haven't thrown overboard and search the rig! There's something going on here and I don't like it."
