Zuko says: "The only view I'm interested in seeing is the Avatar in chains."
Iroh says: "You know, the Avatar hasn't been seen for one hundred years. The chances of finding him here are very slim."
Zuko says: "First we'll check each of the air temples, then we'll scour the world, searching even the most remote locations until we find him."
Iroh says: "Prince Zuko, it's only been a week since your banishment. You should take some time to heal and rest."
Zuko says: "What else would I expect to hear from the laziest man in the Fire Nation?  The only way to regain my honor is to find the Avatar, so I will."
Teo says: "It's so different from the Northern Air Temple. I wonder if there are any secret rooms."
Haru says: "Let's go check it out!"
Katara says: "You guys go. I think we need to talk about some things."
Teo says: "I'll race you, Duke."
The Duke says: "I told you, it's The Duke!"
Aang says: "Why can't I go?"
Katara says: "We need to decide what we're gonna do now, and since you're the Avatar, maybe you should be a part of this."
Aang says: "Fair enough. So, what's the new plan?"
Sokka says: "Well, if you ask me, the new plan is the old plan! You just need to master all four elements and confront the Fire Lord before the comet comes."
Aang says: "Oh, yeah. That's great, no problem. I'll just do that."
Katara says: "Aang, no one said it's going to be easy."
Aang says: "Well, it's not even gonna be possible! Where am I supposed to get a firebending teacher?"
Katara says: "We could look for Jeong Jeong!"
Aang says: "Yeah ... right.  Like we'll ever run into Jeong Jeong again."
Toph says: "Who's ... oh,  never mind. If it's important I'll find out."
Aang says: "Oh well, guess we can't come up with anybody. Why don't we just take a nice tour around the temple?"
Toph says: "What's up with him?"
Sokka says: "There's gotta be someone who can teach him firebending."
Zuko says: "Hello ...  Zuko here, but I guess  you probably already know me, sort of. Uhhh ... so, the thing is I have a lot of firebending experience, and I'm  considered to be pretty good at it.  Well, you've seen me, you know, when I was attacking you.  Uhhh ... yeah, I guess  I should apologize for that. But anyway,  I'm good now.  I mean, I thought I was good before, but I realize I was bad,  but anyway, I think it's time I joined your group and taught  the Avatar firebending.  Well, what's your answer?  Yeah ... that's what I'd say, too. How am I supposed to convince these people that I'm on their side? What would Uncle do?  Zuko, you have to look within yourself to save yourself from your other self. Only then will your true self, reveal itself.  Even when I'm talking for him I can't figure out what he means. What would Azula do?  Listen, Avatar, I can join your group, or I can do something unspeakably horrible to you and your friends. Your choice.  I guess I'm just not that good at impersonations."
Katara says: "Aang, can we talk about you learning firebending now?"
Aang says: "What? The wind is too loud in my ears! Check out this loop!"
Sokka says: "Aang, I think we should be making some plans about our future!"
Aang says: "Okay, we can do that while I show you the giant Pai Sho table! Oh, you're gonna love the all-day echo chamber!"
Toph says: "I think that'll have to wait."
Zuko says: "Hello ...  Zuko here."
Zuko says: "Hey, I heard you guys flying around down there, so, I just thought I'd wait for you here.  I know you must be surprised to see me here."
Sokka says: "Not really, since you've followed us all over the world."
Zuko says: "Right. Well, uhhh ... anyway ... what I wanted to tell you about is that I've changed, and I, uhhh, I'm good now, and well I think I should join your group, oh, and I can teach firebending to you.  See, I, uhhh ..."
Toph says: "You want to what now?"
Katara says: "You can't possibly think that any of us would trust you, can you? I mean, how stupid do you think we are?!"
Sokka says: "Yeah, all you've ever done is hunt us down and try to capture Aang!"
Zuko says: "I've done some good things! I mean, I could have stolen your bison in Ba Sing Se, but I set him free. That's something!"
Toph says: "Appa  does seem to like him."
Sokka says: "He probably just covered himself in honey or something so that Appa would lick him. I'm not buying it."
Zuko says: "I can understand why you wouldn't trust me, and I know I've made some mistakes in the past."
Sokka says: "Like when you attacked our village?"
Katara says: "Or when you stole my mother's necklace and used it to track us down and capture us?"
Zuko says: "Look, I admit I've some awful things. I was wrong to try to capture you, and I'm sorry that I attacked the Water Tribe. And I never should have sent that Fire Nation assassin after you.  I'm going to try and stop-"
Sokka says: "Wait, you sent Combustion Man after us?"
Zuko says: "Well, that's not his name, but-"
Sokka says: "Ohhh, sorry. I didn't mean to insult your friend!"
Zuko says: "He's not my friend!"
Toph says: "That guy locked me and Katara in jail and tried to blow us all up!"
Zuko says: "Why aren't you saying anything? You once said you thought we could be friends. You know I have good in me."
Aang says: "There's no way we can trust you after everything you've done. We'll never let you join us."
Katara says: "You need to get out of here. Now."
Zuko says: "I'm trying to explain that I'm not that person anymore!"
Sokka says: "Either you leave, or we attack."
Zuko says: "If you won't accept me as a friend, then maybe you'll take me as a prisoner."
Katara says: "No, we won't!  Get out of here, and don't come back! And if we ever see you again, well, we'd better not see you again!"
Zuko says: "Uggh! I can't believe how stupid I am! I mean, what was I thinking? Telling them I sent an assassin after them? Why didn't I just say Azula did that? They would have believed that! Stupid!  Uggh!"
Katara says: "Why would he try to fool us like that?"
Sokka says: "Obviously he wants to lead us into some kind of trap."
Katara says: "This is just like when we were in prison together at Ba Sing Se. He starts talking about his mother and making it seem like he's an actual human being with feelings."
Sokka says: "He wants you to trust and feel sorry for him so you let your guard down, then he strikes."
Katara says: "The thing is, it worked. I did feel sorry for him. I felt like he was really confused and hurt, but obviously, when the time came, he made his choice, and we paid the price. We can't trust him."
Aang says: "I kind of have a confession to make. Remember when you two were sick and I got captured by Zhao?"
Sokka says: "And you made us suck on frozen frogs? How could I forget? I had a wart on the flap that hangs down from the back of my throat for a month!"
Katara says: "Sokka, I looked at it, and I told you, there was nothing there!"
Sokka says: "I could feel it! It's my throatal flap!"
Aang says: "Anyway, when Zhao had me chained up, it was Zuko who came in and got me out. He risked his life to save me."
Katara says: "No way! I'm sure he only did it so he could capture you himself!"
Sokka says: "Yeah, face it Aang, you're nothing but a big prize to him."
Aang says: "You're probably right."
Katara says: "And what was all that crazy stuff about setting Appa free? What a liar!"
Toph says: "Actually, he wasn't lying."
Sokka says: "Oh, hooray! In a lifetime of evil, at least he didn't add animal cruelty to the list."
Toph says: "I'm just saying that, considering his messed-up family and how he was raised, he could have turned out a lot worse."
Katara says: "You're right, Toph! Let's go find him and give him a medal. The "not as much of a jerk as you could have been" award!"
Toph says: "All I know is that while he was talking to us, he was sincere. Maybe you're all just letting your hurt feelings keep you from thinking clearly."
Katara says: "Easy for you to say! You weren't there when he had us attacked by pirates!"
Sokka says: "Or when he burned down Kyoshi Island!"
Aang says: "Or when he tried to capture me at the Fire Temple!"
Katara says: "Why would you even try to defend him?"
Toph says: "Because Katara, you're all ignoring one crucial fact:  Aang needs a firebending teacher! We can't think of a single person in the world to do the job! Now one shows up on a silver platter, and you won't even think about it?"
Aang says: "I'm not having Zuko as my teacher!"
Sokka says: "You're darn right you're not, buddy."
Katara says: "Well, I guess that settles that."
Toph says: "Ergh! I'm beginning to wonder who's really the blind one around here!"
Zuko says: "Who's there? Stay back!"
Toph says: "It's me!  Ow! You burned my feet!"
Zuko says: "I'm sorry, it was a mistake!"
Toph says: "Get away from me!"
Zuko says: "Let me help you!  I'm sorry!"
Toph says: "Get off me, get off me!"
Zuko says: "I didn't know it was you! Uggh, come back!  Uggh! Why am I so bad at being good?"
Katara says: "Has anyone seen Toph?"
Sokka says: "I haven't seen her since she stormed off yesterday."
Haru says: "Maybe she's just exploring the air temple. There are some pretty fun spots to practice earthbending."
Katara says: "I think we should go look for her."
Sokka says: "Let her have fun with her rocks. I'm in no rush to have her yelling at us again."
The Duke says: "We can go check for her!"
Teo says: "Yeah! I want to ride that tunnel down to the Hall of Statues again. It will work a lot better now that I fixed my brakes."
Katara says: "Toph! What happened?"
Toph says: "My feet got burned!"
Katara says: "Oh no, what happened?"
Toph says: "I just told you, my feet got burned!"
Katara says: "I meant, how."
Toph says: "Well, I kind of went to see Zuko last night."
Aang says: "You what?"
Katara says: "Zuko?"
Sokka says: "Uhhh ...!"
Toph says: "I thought he could be helpful to us.  And if I talked to him, maybe we could work something out."
Sokka says: "So he attacked you?"
Toph says: "Well, he did, and he didn't. It was sort of an accident."
Aang says: "But he did firebend at you?"
Toph says: "Yes."
Sokka says: "See? You trusted Zuko, and you got burned. Literally!"
Katara says: "It's gonna take a while for your feet to get better.  I wish I could have worked on them sooner."
Toph says: "Yeah, me too."
Sokka says: "Zuko's clearly too dangerous to be left alone. We're gonna have to go after him."
Aang says: "I hate to go looking for a fight, but you're right. After what he did to Toph, I don't think we have a choice."
Sokka says: "He's crafty, but we'll find a way to capture him."
Toph says: "Maybe just invite him back here.  He's already offered himself up as a prisoner once."
Sokka says: "Yeah, get him to come back and say he'll be our prisoner, then we'll jump him and really make him our prisoner. He'll never suspect it!"
Katara says: "You are a master of surprise, Sokka ..."
