Aang says: "Check out my Appa sand sculpture."
Toph says: "Not bad, baldy,  but I've been working on my sandbending.  You're gonna love this."
Aang says: "Whoa! Wow, you've even made a little Earth King and Bosco."
Toph says: "Try and top that, Sokka."
Sokka says: "Ta da!"
Aang says: "Is that a blubbering blob monster?"
Sokka says: "No, it's Suki!"
Toph says: "Suki, we'll all understand if you break up with him over this."
Suki says: "I think it's sweet."
Aang says: "But it doesn't even look like- Aah!"
Aang says: "What are you doing?"
Zuko says: "Teaching you a lesson!"
Katara says: "What happened?"
Sokka says: "Zuko's gone crazy! I made a sand sculpture of Suki and he destroyed it!  Oh, and he's attacking Aang."
Aang says: "Get a grip before I blast you off this roof!"
Zuko says: "Go ahead and do it!"
Aang says: "Enough!"
Katara says: "What's wrong with you? You could have hurt Aang!"
Zuko says: "What's wrong with me? What's wrong with all of you? How can you sit around having beach parties when Sozin's Comet is only three days away?  Why are you all looking at me like I'm crazy?"
Aang says: "About Sozin's Comet ... I was actually gonna wait to fight the Fire Lord until after it came."
Zuko says: "After?"
Aang says: "I'm not ready. I need more time to master firebending."
Toph says: "And frankly, your earthbending could still use some work too."
Zuko says: "So, you all knew Aang was going to wait?"
Sokka says: "Honestly, if Aang tries to fight the Fire Lord now, he's going to lose.  No offense."
Katara says: "The whole point of fighting the Fire Lord before the Comet was to stop the Fire Nation from winning the War, but they pretty much won the War when they took Ba Sing Se. Things can't get any worse."
Zuko says: "You're wrong.  It's about to get worse than you can even imagine.  The day before the eclipse, my father asked me to attend an important war meeting. It was what I dreamed about for so many years. My father had finally accepted me back."
Ozai says: "Welcome, Prince Zuko. We waited for you.  General Shinu, your report."
Shinu says: "Thank you, sir.  Ba Sing Se is still under our control. However, earthbender rebellions have prevented us from achieving total victory in the Earth Kingdom."
Ozai says: "What is your recommendation?"
Shinu says: "Our army is spread too thin, but once the eclipse is over and the invasion defeated, we should transfer more domestic forces into the Earth Kingdom."
Ozai says: "Hmm. Prince Zuko, you've been among the Earth Kingdom commoners. Do you think that adding more troops will stop these rebellions?"
Zuko says: "The people of the Earth Kingdom are proud and strong. They can endure anything, as long as they have hope."
Ozai says: "Yes, you're right. We need to destroy their hope."
Zuko says: "Well, that's not exactly what I-"
Azula says: "I think you should take their precious hope and the rest of their land and burn it all to the ground."
Ozai says: "Yes ...  Yes you're right, Azula.  Sozin's Comet is almost upon us, and on that day, it will endow us with the strength and power of a hundred suns. No bender will stand a chance against us."
Shinu says: "What are you suggesting, sir?"
Ozai says: "When the comet last came, my grandfather, Fire Lord Sozin, used it to wipe out the Air Nomads.  Now, I will use its power to end the Earth Kingdom ...  permanently.  From our airships, we will rain fire over their lands, a fire that will destroy everything; and out of the ashes, a new world will be born, a world in which all the lands are Fire Nation and I am the supreme ruler of everything!"
Zuko says: "I wanted to speak out against this horrifying plan, but I'm ashamed to say I didn't.  My whole life, I struggled to gain my father's love and acceptance, but once I had it, I realized I'd lost myself getting there. I'd forgotten who I was."
Katara says: "I can't believe this."
Sokka says: "I always knew the Fire Lord was a bad guy, but his plan is just pure evil."
Aang says: "What am I gonna do?"
Zuko says: "I know you're scared, and I know you're not ready to save the world, but if you don't defeat the Fire Lord before the comet comes, there won't be a world to save anymore."
Aang says: "Why didn't you tell me about your dad's crazy plan sooner?"
Zuko says: "I didn't think I had to. I assumed you were still going to fight him before the comet. No one told me you decided to wait."
Aang says: "This is bad.  This is really, really bad."
Katara says: "Aang, you don't have to do this alone."
Toph says: "Yeah, if we all fight the Fire Lord together, we got a shot at taking him down."
Sokka says: "All right! Team Avatar is back! Air.  Water.  Earth.  Fire.  Fan and sword!"
Aang says: "Fighting the Fire Lord is going to be the hardest thing we've ever done together, but I wouldn't want to do it any other way."
Toph says: "Yeah."
Sokka says: "All right."
Katara says: "Get over here, Zuko. Being part of the group also means being part of group hugs."
Zuko says: "There's one technique you need to know before facing my father - how to redirect lightning.  If you let the energy in your own body flow, the lightning will follow it.  You turn your opponents' energy against them."
Aang says: "That's like waterbending."
Zuko says: "Exactly. My uncle invented this technique himself by studying waterbenders."
Aang says: "So, have you ever redirected lightning before?"
Zuko says: "Once, against my father."
Aang says: "What did it feel like?"
Zuko says: "Exhilarating ...  but terrifying. You feel so powerful holding that much energy in your body, but you know if you make the wrong move, it's over."
Aang says: "Well, not over over. I mean there's always Katara and a little Spirit Water action,  am I right?"
Katara says: "Actually, I used it all up after Azula shot you."
Aang says: "Oh."
Zuko says: "You'll have to take the Fire Lord's life before he takes yours."
Aang says: "Yeah, I'll just do that."
