Bumi says: "Your final test is a duel. And as a special treat, you may choose your opponent."
Bumi says: "Point and choose."
Aang says: "So ... you're saying whoever I point to, that's the person I get to fight?"
Bumi says: "Choose wisely!"
Aang says: "I ... choose ... you."
Bumi says: "Wrong choice!"
Bumi says: "You thought I was a frail old man, but I'm the most powerful earthbender you'll ever see."
Aang says: "Can I fight the guy with the axe instead?"
Bumi says: "There are no take-backsies in my kingdom. You might need this."
Bumi says: "Typical airbender tactic: avoid and evade. I hoped the Avatar would be less predictable."
Bumi says: "Don't you have any surprises for me? Sooner or later you'll have to strike back!"
Bumi says: "You'll have to be a little more creative than that!"
Bumi says: "Did someone leave the windows open? It feels a little drafty in here. Are you hoping I'll catch a cold?"
Bumi says: "How are you going to get me from way over there?"
Bumi says: "Well done, Avatar. You fight with much fire in your heart.  You've passed all my tests. Now, you must answer one question."
Aang says: "That's not fair! You said you would release my friends if I finished your tests."
Bumi says: "Oh, but what's the point of tests if you don't learn anything?"
Sokka says: "Oh, come on!"
Bumi says: "Answer this one question and I will set your friends free. What ... is my name? From the looks of your friends I'd say you only have a few minutes."
Aang says: "How am I supposed to know his name?"
Katara says: "Think about the challenges. Maybe it's some kind of riddle."
Sokka says: "I got it!"
Aang says: "Yeah?"
Sokka says: "He's an earthbender, right? Rocky. You know, because of all the rocks."
Katara says: "We're going to keep trying, but that is a good back-up."
Aang says: "Okay. So back to the challenges. I got a key from the waterfall, I saved his pet, and I had a duel."
Katara says: "And what did you learn?"
Aang says: "Well, everything was different than I expected."
Katara says: "And?"
Aang says: "Well, they weren't straight forward. To solve each test, I had to think differently than I usually would. I know his name."
