Sokka says: ""The darkest day in Fire Nation history." It's got a date at the top, but it doesn't say anything else."
Aang says: "Sokka, where are you going?"
Sokka says: "I want to know what happened to the Fire Nation on their darkest day. This could be promising.  The information on the Fire Nation should be right up here."
Aang says: "Firebenders."
Katara says: "They destroyed everything having to do with the Fire Nation."
Sokka says: "That's so unfair! Just when I think I'm one step ahead of the Fire Nation, it turns out they beat us here a long time ago.  I need to know what happened on the darkest day.  Hello, little weird fox guy."
Zei says: "Seems it's trying to assist you."
Sokka says: "Um, sure, I guess I'll follow you."
Zei says: "This room is a true marvel, a mechanical wonder. It's a planetarium that shows the heavens moving."
Sokka says: "Uh, this is beautiful, but how is it helpful?"
Katara says: "Maybe these dials represent dates and times. Sokka, try entering that date from that parchment you took."
Sokka says: "Shh, Katara, not in front of the fox, he's with the owl."
Aang says: "Wow, I got to hand it to you, Sokka. You picked the best mini-vacation for sure."
Katara says: "Hey, wait. What happened to the sun?"
Aang says: "Great, you must have broken it."
Sokka says: "It's not broken.  The sun is behind the moon. It's a solar eclipse! It's literally the darkest day in Fire Nation history. Now I get it.  Something awful happened on that day. I don't know what, but I do know why. Firebenders lose their bending during a solar eclipse.  Sorry."
Katara says: "That makes sense. I mean, think what the lunar eclipse at the North Pole did to the waterbenders. This is huge."
Sokka says: "Fine, you earned it.  We've gotta get this information to the Earth King at Ba Sing Se. We'll wait for the next eclipse, then we'll invade the Fire Nation when they're totally helpless. The Fire Lord is going down!"
Wan Shi Tong says: "Mortals are so predictable, and such terrible liars.  You betrayed my trust. From the beginning, you intended to misuse this knowledge for evil purposes."
Sokka says: "You don't understand. If anyone's evil, it's the Fire Nation. You saw what they did to your library. They're destructive and dangerous. We need this information."
Wan Shi Tong says: "You think you're the first person to believe their war was justified? Countless others before you have come here seeking weapons or weaknesses or battle strategies."
Aang says: "We had no choice. Please, we're just desperate to protect the people we love."
Wan Shi Tong says: "And now I'm going to protect what I love."
Aang says: "What are you doing?"
Wan Shi Tong says: "I'm taking my knowledge back. No one will ever abuse it again."
Katara says: "He's sinking the building. We've gotta get out of here."
Wan Shi Tong says: "I'm afraid I can't allow that. You already know too much."
Toph says: "I already told you, I don't wanna snuggle.  Library sinking.  Library sinking!  Hi-yah!"
Zei says: "Great Knowledge Spirit, I beg you, do not destroy your vast collection of priceless tomes."
Aang says: "We've gotta get back to the surface!"
Katara says: "Sokka, let's go."
Sokka says: "But we still don't know when the next eclipse is gonna to happen."
Katara says: "Don't be stupid! We'll find out later!"
Sokka says: "No, we won't. If we leave this place, we'll never get the information. Aang, come with me to the planetarium,  I need cover. Katara, take Momo and get out of here!"
Katara says: "But ...!"
Sokka says: "Go!"
Katara says: "Hurry, Sokka!"
Toph says: "What is it now?"
