Iroh says: "I've checked all the shops on this pier. Not a lotus tile in the entire marketplace."
Zuko says: "It's good to know this trip was a complete waste of time for everyone!"
Iroh says: "Quite the contrary. I always say, the only thing better than finding something you are looking for  is finding something you weren't looking for at a great bargain!"
Zuko says: "You bought a tsungi horn?"
Iroh says: "For music night on the ship. Now, if we only had some woodwinds.  Oh, this place looks promising!  Oh, that is handsome! Wouldn't it look magnificent in the galley?"
Oh says: "We lost the Water Tribe girl and the little bald monk she was traveling with."
Zuko says: "This monk, did he have an arrow on his head?"
Katara says: "I just want to try this one move first and then it's all yours.  Here, hold it open for me. The single water whip. Looks doable.  Ow!"
Sokka says: "Ha, ha, ha!"
Katara says: "What's so funny?"
Sokka says: "I'm sorry, but you deserved that.  You've been duped; she's only interested in teaching herself."
Katara says: "Aang will get his turn once I figure out the water whip.  Ugh, why can't I get this stupid move?"
Aang says: "You'll get it.  You just gotta shift your weight through the stances.  There, see, the key to bending is—"
Katara says: "Will you please shut your air hole? Believe it or not your infinite wisdom gets a little old sometimes! Why don't we just throw the scroll away since you're so naturally gifted!  What?  Oh my gosh, Aang, I am so sorry, I don't know what came over me. But you know what, it won't happen again.  Here, this is yours. I don't want to have anything to do with it anymore."
Aang says: "It's okay Katara."
Sokka says: "What about Momo? He's the real victim here."
Katara says: "I'm sorry, Momo."
Sokka says: "And what about me? There was that time you—"
Katara says: "No more apologies!"
Pirate captain says: "Shouldn't we stop to search the woods?"
Zuko says: "We don't need to stop. They stole a waterbending scroll, right?"
Pirate captain says: "Mm-hm."
Zuko says: "Then they'll be on the water."
