Teo says: "The wind will carry you. It supports something inside you. Something even lighter than air.  And that something takes over when you fly."
Katara says: "I've changed my mind. I think I was born without that something."
Teo says: "Impossible! Everybody has it!"
Aang says: "Spirit."
Teo says: "What?"
Aang says: "Spirit. That's the something you're talking about."
Teo says: "Yeah, I suppose it is."
Teo says: "Are you ready?"
Katara says: "No!  Aaaaah!  I can't believe I'm flying!"
Aang says: "Just make sure you keep your mouth closed so you don't swallow a bug!"
Katara says: "Teo was right about the air. All I had to do was trust it, let it carry me."
Aang says: "Even though Teo's not an airbender, he really does have the spirit of one!  I've been thinking. If you want to see what's in that room, I'd be happy to open the door for you."
Teo says: "Great!"
Katara says: "Wait!  How do I land this thing? What if I land over  a-ack-ack-bleck! Bug! Bug! Ack, that was a bug!"
Mechanist says: "I said don't touch anything!  Oh, don't worry. That experiment's old,  and that egg was just part of last week's lunch."
Sokka says: "Ugh! Week old egg smell!"
Mechanist says: "Quick, find that egg!"
Teo says: "I can't believe I'm finally going to see what's inside!"
Sokka says: "How can something so small that you can't even see it make such a big stink!?"
Mechanist says: "That's the solution to our problem!"
Sokka says: "Yeah ...  if we put a whole mess of rotten eggs in the cellar where the gas seeps up ..."
Mechanist says: "... The gas will mix with the smell of rotten eggs!"
Sokka says: "Then, if there's a leak ..."
Mechanist says: "... You smell rotten eggs! Then, you just follow your nose to the place where the smell is coming from ..."
Sokka says: "And plug up the hole where the gas is escaping!"
Both says: "You're a genius!"
Mechanist says: "Something's wrong.  I've go to go!"
Aang says: "This is a nightmare."
Mechanist says: "You don't understand!"
Aang says: "You're making weapons for the Fire Nation!"
Sokka says: "You make weapons for the Fire Nation?!"
Teo says: "Explain all this! Now!"
Mechanist says: "It was about a year after we moved here. Fire Nation soldiers found our settlement. You were too young to remember this, Teo. They were going to destroy everything! Burn it to the ground! I pleaded with them, I begged them to spare us! They asked what I had to offer. I offered ... my services. You must understand. I did this for you!"
