Sokka says: "I don't see any guards."
Katara says: "The Fire Nation must have abandoned the temple when Avatar Roku died."
Aang says: "It's almost sundown. We better hurry!"
Sokka says: "Wait. I think I heard something."
Great Fire Sage says: "We are the Fire Sages. Guardians of the temple of the Avatar."
Aang says: "Great! I am the Avatar!"
Great Fire Sage says: "We know."
Aang says: "I'll hold them off. Run!"
Great Fire Sage says: "If the Avatar contacts Roku, there's no telling how powerful the boy will become! Split up and find him."
Aang says: "Follow me!"
Sokka says: "Do you know where you're going?"
Aang says: "Nope!  Wrong way!"
Shyu says: "Come back!"
Shyu says: "I don't want to fight you! I am a friend."
Sokka says: "Firebenders aren't our friends!"
Shyu says: "I know why you're here, Avatar."
Aang says: "You do?"
Shyu says: "Yes.  You wish to speak to Avatar Roku. I can take you to him."
Aang says: "How?"
Shyu says: "This way."
Great Fire Sage says: "Find him."
Shyu says: "Time is running out! Quickly!"
Zuko says: "What's he up to, Uncle? Why didn't Commander Zhao arrest me?"
Iroh says: "Because he wants to follow you. He knows you'll lead him to the prize you're both after: the Avatar."
Zuko says: "If Zhao wants to follow a trail of smoke, then that's exactly what I'll let him do."
Shyu says: "Avatar Roku once called this temple his home. He formed these secret passages out of the magma."
Aang says: "Did you know Avatar Roku?"
Shyu says: "No. But my grandfather knew him. Many generations of Fire Sages guarded this Fire Temple long before me. We all have a strong spiritual connection to this place."
Aang says: "Is that how you knew I was coming?"
Shyu says: "A few weeks ago, an amazing thing occurred. The statue of Avatar Roku; its eyes began to glow!"
Katara says: "That's when we were at the Air Temple. Avatar Roku's eyes were glowing there, too!"
Shyu says: "At that moment, we knew you had returned to the world."
Aang says: "If this is the Avatar's temple, why did the sages attack me?"
Shyu says: "Things have changed. In the past, the sages were loyal only to the Avatar. When Roku died, the sages eagerly awaited for the next Avatar to return. But he never came."
Aang says: "They were waiting for me."
Sokka says: "Hey don't feel bad. You're only a hundred years late!"
Shyu says: "They lost hope the Avatar would ever return. When Fire Lord Sozin began the War, my grandfather and the other sages were forced to follow him.  I never wanted to serve the Fire Lord. When I learned you were coming, I knew I would have to betray the other sages."
Aang says: "Thank you for helping me."
Shyu says: "We'll follow these stairs to the sanctuary.  Once you're inside, wait for the light to hit Avatar Roku's statue. Only then will you be able to speak with him."
Shyu says: "No!"
Aang says: "Shyu, what's wrong?"
Shyu says: "The sanctuary doors, they're closed!"
Katara says: "Can't you just open them with firebending? Like you opened that other door?"
Shyu says: "No. Only a fully realized Avatar is powerful enough to open this door alone. Otherwise, the sages must open this door together,  with five simultaneous fire blasts."
Sokka says: "Five fire blasts, huh?  I think I can help you out."
