Katara says: "Where did you guys get the money to buy all this stuff?"
Aang says: "Toph got us money.  She scammed one of those guys in town who moves the shells around all sneaky-like."
Sokka says: "She used earthbending to win the game! Classic!"
Katara says: "Ah, so she cheated."
Toph says: "Hey! I only cheated because he was cheating!  I cheated a cheater.  What's wrong with that?"
Katara says: "I'm just saying this isn't something we should make a habit of doing."
Toph says: "Why? Because it's fun? And you hate fun?"
Katara says: "I don't hate fun!  See? Fun!"
Aang says: "Katara,  I'll personally make you an Avatar Promise that we won't make a habit of doing these scams."
Katara says: "Guys, I think these scams have gone far enough. If you keep doing them, something bad is gonna happen."
Toph says: "Could you for once stop being such a sourpuss and just lighten up?"
Katara says: "Oh, I'm sorry! You think I should be more like you? Like some wild child?"
Toph says: "Yeah! Maybe! Maybe then you'd see  how great we have it! I mean, look at us!  We're traveling around the world! Making easy money! Having fun! With no parents to tell us what to do!"
Katara says: "Ah. I see. You're acting like this because of your parents."
Toph says: "Whatever."
Katara says: "They were controlling over you, so you ran away, and now you act like your parents don't exist. You act like you hate them, but you don't. You just feel guilty."
Toph says: "I do hate them."
Katara says: "I don't think so. I think you miss them, but you just don't wanna deal with that, so instead you act like this crazy person."
Toph says: "Look, I ran away to help Aang!"
Katara says: "You know what? It doesn't matter. These scams put us all at risk, and we don't need that.  We've already got some third-eyed freak after us."
Sokka says: "Speaking of that "third-eyed freak", I think I've come up with a name for him. What do you think of "Sparky-Sparky-Boom Man"?  Just think about it."
Katara says: "We have enough money! You need to stop this!"
Toph says: "I'll stop when I wanna stop and not when you tell me!"
Sokka says: "Speaking of money, I'm off to spend some. See you guys later."
Sokka says: "Hawky, welcome to Team Avatar. My name's Sokka, and I'm your new owner, and as such I should warn you that there's already a lemur in our group, so I don't wanna see any fighting.  Good little messenger hawky. Who's got pretty feathers?  You're right, Hawky. This is bad."
