Canyon guide says: "All clear, we're almost to the other side."
Aang says: "Katara, Sokka, will these people cooperate long enough to get out of the canyon?"
Katara says: "I don't think so, Aang, the Zhangs really wronged the Gan Jins. They ambushed Jin Wei and stole the sacred orb."
Aang says: "What are you talking about?"
Sokka says: "Yeah Katara, what are you talking about? Wei Jin didn't steal the orb, he was returning it to their village gate and was wrongfully punished by the Gan Jin."
Katara says: "Not punished enough if you ask me."
Aang says: "Okay, okay I get it! Now I need your help, I need everyone together at the base of the canyon wall.  Please everyone, as soon as we get out of here we can eat and then go our separate ways, but I need you all to put your heads together and figure out a way up this cliff."
Gan Jin leader says: "Maybe the Zhang can climb the wall with their long disgusting fingernails."
Zhang leader says: "Oh sorry, I forgot that to the Gan Jin unclipped fingernails is a crime punishable by twenty years in jail!"
Gan Jin leader says: "Why, you dirty thief!"
Zhang leader says: "You pompous fool!"
Aang says: "Guys, focus! How many times do I have to say it? Harsh words won't solve problems, action will!"
Zhang leader says: "Perhaps the Avatar is right."
Gan Jin leader says: "Yes, perhaps he is."
Zhang leader says: "Harsh words will never solve our problems."
Gan Jin leader says: "Action will!"
Gan Jin leader says: "To the death! And let this be the end of this rivalry!"
Aang says: "You know, I take it back. Harsh words aren't so bad!"
Aang says: "Is that ... food? Everyone smuggled food down here? Unbelievable! You guys put our lives in danger because you couldn't go without a snack for a day? You're all awful!  So hungry. Is that an egg custard in that tart?"
Katara says: "Oh no, that's a lot of canyon crawlers."
Sokka says: "We barely survived one!"
Canyon guide says: "They're coming back for me! They've had a taste and they're coming back for me!"
Katara says: "Sokka, wait.  I don't care about this stupid feud, I just want us to get out of here alive."
Sokka says: "Me too. I only took their side 'cause they fed me."
Aang says: "Everybody, watch me and do what I do!  Now follow me! We're riding out of this hole!  Everyone, get off!"
Zhang leader says: "We made it!"
Zhang leader says: "I never thought a Gan Jin could get his hands dirty like that."
Gan Jin leader says: "And I never knew you Zhangs were so reliable in a pinch."
Zhang leader says: "Perhaps we're not so different after all."
Gan Jin leader says: "Too bad we can't rewrite history. You thieves stole our sacred orb from Jin Wei!"
Zhang leader says: "You tyrants unjustly imprisoned Wei Jin for twenty long years!"
Aang says: "Wait a second ... Jin Wei? Wei Jin? I know those guys!"
Gan Jin leader says: "Yes, yes, we're all aware of the story."
Aang says: "No, I mean I really knew them. I might not look it, but I'm a hundred and twelve years old. I was there one hundred years ago on the day you're talking about.  There seems to be a lot of confusion about what happened. First of all, Jin Wei and Wei Jin weren't enemies. They were brothers, twins in fact, and they were eight; and most importantly, they were just playing a game! The sacred orb from the legend, that was the ball! And the eastern and western gates were the goal posts. Jin Wei had the ball and was running toward the goal when he fell and fumbled it. Wei Jin didn't steal the ball, he picked it up and started running it toward the other goal, but he stepped out of bounds, so the official put him in the penalty box. Not for twenty long years but for two short minutes.  There was no stealing and no putting anyone in imprison, it was just a game."
Zhang leader says: "You're saying the sacred orb was actually a sacred ball?"
Aang says: "Nope, just a regular ball."
Gan Jin man says: "What about our tribe's redemption ritual?"
Aang says: "That's what the game was called, redemption. As soon as you got the ball from one end to the other, everyone would yell "redemption"!  Don't get me wrong, Wei Jin was kind of a slob and Jin Wei was a little stuffy, that much is true. But they respected each other's differences enough to share the same playing field."
Zhang leader says: "I suppose it's time we forget the past."
Gan Jin leader says: "And look to the future."
