Ty Lee says: "What are you doing?"
Zuko says: "What does it look like I'm doing?"
Ty Lee says: "But, it's a painting of your family."
Zuko says: "You think I care?"
Ty Lee says: "I think you do."
Zuko says: "You don't know me, so why don't you just mind your own business?"
Ty Lee says: "I know you."
Zuko says: "No, you don't.  You're stuck in your little "Ty Lee world" where everything's great all the time."
Mai says: "Zuko,  leave her alone."
Zuko says: ""I'm so pretty. Look at me. I can walk on my hands. Whoo!"  Circus freak."
Ty Lee says: "Yes, I'm a circus freak. Go ahead and laugh all you want. You want to know why I joined the circus?"
Azula says: "Here we go."
Ty Lee says: "Do you have any idea what my home life was like?  Growing up with six sisters who look exactly like me?  It was like I didn't even have my own name.  I joined the circus  because I was scared of spending the rest of my life as part of a matched set. At least I'm different now.  "Circus freak" is a compliment."
Mai says: "Guess that explains why you need ten boyfriends, too."
Ty Lee says: "I'm sorry, what?"
Mai says: "Attention issues. You couldn't get enough attention when you were a kid, so you're trying to make up for it now."
Ty Lee says: "Well, what's your excuse, Mai? You were an only child for fifteen years, but even with all that attention, your aura is this dingy, pasty, gray ..."
Mai says: "I don't believe in auras."
Zuko says: "Yeah, you do not believe in anything."
Mai says: "Oh, well, I'm sorry I can't be as high-strung and crazy as the rest of you."
Zuko says: "I'm sorry, too. I wish you would be high-strung and crazy for once instead of keeping all your feeling bottled up inside.  She just called your aura dingy. Are you gonna take that?"
Mai says: "What do you want from me? You want a teary confession about how hard my childhood was? Well, it wasn't.  I was a rich only child who got anything I wanted ... as long as I behaved  and sat still, and didn't speak unless spoken to.  My mother said I had to keep out of trouble. We had my dad's political career to think about."
Azula says: "Well, that's it, then.  You have a controlling mother who had certain expectations, and if you strayed from them, you were shut down. That's why you're afraid to care about anything, and why you can't express yourself."
Mai says: "You want me to express myself?  Leave me alone!"
Zuko says: "I like it when you express yourself."
Mai says: "Don't touch me! I'm still mad at you."
Zuko says: "My life hasn't been that easy either, Mai."
Mai says: "Whatever. That doesn't excuse the way you've been acting."
Ty Lee says: "Calm down, you guys.  This much negative energy is bad for your skin. You'll totally break out."
Zuko says: "Bad skin?  Normal teenagers worry about bad skin. I don't have that luxury.  My father decided to teach me a permanent lesson on my face!"
Ty Lee says: "Sorry, Zuko, I ..."
Zuko says: "For so long I thought that if my dad accepted me, I'd be happy. I'm back home now, my dad talks to me. Ha! He even thinks I'm a hero.  Everything should be perfect, right?  I should be happy now, but I'm not.  I'm angrier than ever and I don't know why!"
Azula says: "There's a simple question you need to answer, then. Who are you angry at?"
Zuko says: "No one. I'm just angry."
Mai says: "Yeah, who are you angry at, Zuko?"
Zuko says: "Everyone. I don't know."
Azula says: "Is it Dad?"
Zuko says: "No, no."
Ty Lee says: "Your uncle?"
Azula says: "Me?"
Zuko says: "No, no, n-no, no!"
Mai says: "Then who? Who are you angry at?"
Azula says: "Answer the question, Zuko."
Ty Lee says: "Talk to us."
Mai says: "Come on, answer the question."
Azula says: "Come on, answer it."
Zuko says: "I'm angry at myself!"
Azula says: "Why?"
Zuko says: "Because I'm confused. Because I'm not sure I know the difference between right and wrong anymore."
Azula says: "You're pathetic."
Mai says: "I know one thing I care about.  I care about you."
Azula says: "Well, those were wonderful performances, everyone."
Zuko says: "I guess you wouldn't understand, would you, Azula?  Because you're just so perfect."
Azula says: "Well, yes, I guess you're right. I don't have sob stories like all of you. I could sit here and complain how our mom liked Zuko more than me, but I don't really care.  My own mother  thought I was a monster.  She was right, of course, but it still hurt."
Ty Lee says: "What Lo and Li said came true. The beach did help us learn about ourselves.  I feel all smoothed. I'll always remember this."
Azula says: "You know what would make this trip really memorable?"
