Toph says: "Somebody's a little light on his feet! What's your fighting name:  the Fancy Dancer?  Where'd you go?"
Aang says: "Please, wait!"
Toph says: "There you are!"
Aang says: "Please, listen! I need an earthbending teacher, and I think it's supposed to be you!"
Toph says: "Whoever you are, just leave me alone."
Aang says: "Wait!"
Sokka says: "Way to go, champ!"
Sokka says: "I've got to admit, now I'm really glad I bought this bag. It matches the belt, perfectly."
Katara says: "That is a big relief."
Aang says: "If we want to find the Blind Bandit, the Earthbending Academy is a great place to start."
Male student says: "Oh great, you again."
Katara says: "Yeah, I didn't think so."
Sokka says: "Nicely done."
Male student says: "Hey! You're that kid who beat the Blind Bandit!"
Aang says: "We need to talk to her. Do you guys know where she lives?"
Male student says: "The Blind Bandit's a mystery.  She shows up to fight, then disappears."
Katara says: "Let me handle this.  You're not telling us everything!"
Male student #2 says: "No, no, I-I swear it's true. No one knows where she goes, or who she really is."
Aang says: "That's because we're asking about the wrong person. In my vision, I saw a girl, in a white dress, with a pet flying boar. Know anybody like that?"
Male student says: "Well, a flying boar is the symbol of the Beifong family. They're the richest people in town. Probably the whole world."
Male student #2 says: "Yeah, but they don't have a daughter."
Aang says: "A flying boar is good enough for me. Let's check it out."
Male student says: "Yeah, you better leave."
Katara says: "Hey, I got my eye on you."
Sokka says: "Water Tribe."
The Boulder says: "I'm telling you, The Boulder was standing right there. I saw the kid strike, but there was no earthbending. Nothing made contact. The Blind Bandit just fell out of the ring. She must've took a dive and split the money with the kid."
Xin Fu says: "Nobody cheats Xin Fu."
Aang says: "That's the flying boar from my vision. Come on!"
Toph says: "What are you doing here, Twinkle Toes?!"
Aang says: "How did you know it was me?"
Sokka says: "Don't answer to Twinkle Toes, it's not manly!"
Katara says: "You're the one whose bag matches his belt."
Toph says: "How did you find me?"
Aang says: "Well, a crazy king told me I had to find an earthbender who listens to the earth. And then I had a vision in a magic swamp,  and -"
Katara says: "What Aang is trying to say is, he's the Avatar. And if he doesn't master earthbending soon, he won't be able to defeat the Fire Lord."
Toph says: "Not my problem. Now,  get out of here, or I'll call the guards."
Sokka says: "Look, we all have to do our part to win this war, and yours is to teach Aang earthbending."
Toph says: "Guards! Guards, help!"
Guard says: "Toph, what happened?"
Toph says: "I ... thought I heard someone. I got scared."
Guard says: "You know your father doesn't want you wandering the grounds without supervision, Toph."
Lao says: "I'm pleased to hear that Toph's private lessons are going well. But I want to be sure she's not trying anything too dangerous."
Yu says: "Absolutely not. I am keeping her at a beginner's level. Basic forms and breathing exercises only."
Lao says: "Very good."
Servant says: "Excuse me, sir, but you have a visitor."
Lao says: "Who thinks they are so important they can just come to my home unannounced?"
Servant says: "Uh ... the Avatar, sir."
