Sokka says: "Pretty clouds."
Zuko says: "Yeah ... fluffy.  What?"
Sokka says: "What? Oh, I didn't say anything. You know, a friend of mine actually designed these war balloons."
Zuko says: "No kidding."
Sokka says: "Yep, a balloon ... but for war."
Zuko says: "If there's one thing my dad's good at, it's war."
Sokka says: "Yeah, it seems to run in the family."
Zuko says: "Hey, hold on. Not everyone in my family is like that."
Sokka says: "I know, I know, you've changed."
Zuko says: "I meant my uncle. He was more of a father to me. And I really let him down."
Sokka says: "I think your uncle would be proud of you. Leaving your home to come help us? That's hard."
Zuko says: "It wasn't that hard."
Sokka says: "Really? You didn't leave behind anyone you cared about?"
Zuko says: "Well, I did have a girlfriend. Mai."
Sokka says: "That gloomy girl who sighs a lot?"
Zuko says: "Yeah. Everyone in the Fire Nation thinks I'm a traitor. I couldn't drag her into it."
Sokka says: "My first girlfriend turned into the moon."
Zuko says: "That's rough, buddy."
Zuko says: "There it is!  There's plenty of steam to keep us covered. As long as we're quiet, we should be able to navigate through it without being caught."
Zuko says: "We're going down! The balloon's not working anymore!"
Sokka says: "The air outside is just as hot as the air inside so we can't fly!"
Zuko says: "So what are we supposed to do?"
Sokka says: "I don't know! Crash-landing?"
Zuko says: "How are we gonna get off the island if the balloon won't work?"
Sokka says: "We'll figure something out! I suspected it might be a one-way ticket."
Zuko says: "You knew this would happen and you wanted to come anyway?"
Sokka says: "My dad might be here! I had to come and see!"
Zuko says: "Uncle always said I never thought things through. But this ... this is just crazy!"
Sokka says: "Hey, I never wanted you to come along in the first place! And for the record, I always think things through! But my plans haven't exactly worked, so this time, I'm playing it by ear. So there."
Zuko says: "What are you doing?"
Sokka says: "It doesn't work anyway, and we don't want anyone to find it."
Zuko says: "I hope you know what you're doing.  There's no turning back now."
Zuko says: "I hope these disguises work."
Sokka says: "We just need to lay low and find my dad as soon as possible."
Male guard says: "Guards! There's a scuffle in the yard. Come on."
Chit Sang says: "I didn't do anything! I'm going back to my cell."
Bully guard says: "Stop right there, Chit Sang."
Sokka says: "We can't blow our cover."
Bully guard says: "I've had it with your unruly behavior!"
Chit Sang says: "What did I do?"
Bully guard says: "He wants to know what he did.  Isn't that cute?"
Zuko says: "Uh, very cute, sir."
Sokka says: "Super cute."
Bully guard says: "You didn't bow down when I walked by, Chit Sang!"
Chit Sang says: "What? That's not a prison rule."
Bully guard says: "Do it!"
Chit Sang says: "Make me."
Bully guard says: "Tsk, tsk. Firebending is prohibited. You're going in the cooler.  You! Help me take him in."
Sokka says: "Meet back here in an hour."
Bully guard says: "The warden will deal with you soon.  Can you believe this guy?"
Sokka says: "Prisoners! Am I right?"
Bully guard says: "Ugh. Tell me about it."
Male guard says: "Hey, new guy! I know it's the rule to have your helmet on at all times, but this is the lounge. Relax."
Zuko says: "But what if there's an incident? If I'm not prepared, someone could strike me on the head."
Female guard says: "Give it a week, he'll loosen up."
Zuko says: "Can the new guy ask you veterans a few questions about the prison?"
Female guard says: "No, you can't date the female guards."
Male guard says: "Trust me, you don't want to."
Zuko says: "No, that's not it. The Boiling Rock, it holds the Fire Nation's most dangerous criminals, right?  So what about war prisoners?"
Sokka says: "It sure looks cold in there."
Bully guard says: "That's why we call it the cooler. He won't be firebending there.  It's the warden!  Look alive!"
Warden says: "So Chit Sang, I hear you used firebending to try to escape. You should know better."
Chit Sang says: "I wasn't trying to escape."
Bully guard says: "He's lying! I saw it with my own eyes."
Warden says: "No one has ever, ever escaped from here. I'd sooner jump in the Boiling Lake myself than let that record fall. Don't forget it. Now go back to your shivering."
Zuko says: "Hey there, fellow guard, how goes it?"
Sokka says: "Zuko?"
Zuko says: "Shhh! Listen, I asked around the lounge. There are no Water Tribe prisoners.  I'm afraid your father's not here."
Sokka says: "What? Are you sure, did you double-check?"
Zuko says: "Yeah, I'm sure."
Sokka says: "No. No!"
Zuko says: "I'm really sorry, Sokka."
Sokka says: "So we came all this way for nothing? I failed ... again."
Zuko says: "Ah,  what would Uncle say?  Sometimes, clouds have two sides,  a dark and light, and a silver lining in between. It's like a silver sandwich!  So ... when life seems hard ...  take a bite out of the silver sandwich!"
Sokka says: "Maybe we haven't failed after all!"
Zuko says: "That's the spirit!  I can't believe that worked.  I didn't even know what I was saying."
Sokka says: "No, what you said made no sense at all. But look ...  It's Suki!"
Guard says: "Prisoners,  back in your cells!"
