Zuko says: "Uncle, keep heading north. Zhao will follow the smoke trail, while I use it as a cover."
Sokka says: "This is a little trick I picked up from my father. I seal the lamp oil inside an animal skin casing, Shyu lights the oil soaked twine and,  ta-da! Fake firebending!"
Katara says: "You've really outdone yourself this time, Sokka."
Shyu says: "This might actually work."
Shyu says: "The sages will hear the explosion, so as soon as they go off, you rush in!"
Katara says: "It's almost sunset. Are you ready?"
Aang says: "Definitely."
Aang says: "They're still locked!"
Shyu says: "It didn't work."
Aang says: "Why, won't, it, open?!"
Katara says: "Aang! Stop!  There's nothing else we can do ..."
Aang says: "I'm sorry I put you through all of this for nothing."
Sokka says: "I don't get it. That firebending looked as strong as any firebending I've seen."
Katara says: "Sokka, you're a genius!"
Aang says: "Wait. How is Sokka a genius? His plan didn't even work."
Sokka says: "Come on Aang. Let her dream."
Katara says: "You're right. Sokka's plan didn't work. But it looks like it did."
Aang says: "Did the definition of genius change over the last hundred years?"
Shyu says: "Come quickly! The Avatar has entered the sanctuary!"
Great Fire Sage says: "How did he get in?"
Shyu says: "I don't know. But look at the scorch marks! And down there!"
Great Fire Sage says: "He's inside! Open the doors, immediately! Before he contacts Avatar Roku!"
Great Fire Sage says: "It's the Avatar's lemur. He must have crawled through the pipes! We've been tricked!"
Shyu says: "Now, Aang!"
Katara says: "Aang! Now's your chance!"
Zuko says: "The Avatar's coming with me!  Close the doors! Quickly!"
Katara says: "Go!"
Katara says: "He made it!"
Aang says: "The light hits the statue and I talk to Roku. So why isn't anything happening?"
Zuko says: "Why isn't it working? It's sealed shut!"
Great Fire Sage says: "It must have been the light. Avatar Roku doesn't want us inside."
Aang says: "Why isn't anything happening? I don't know what I'm doing! All I know is airbending! Please Avatar Roku, talk to me!"
Roku says: "It's good to see you Aang. What took you so long?"
Zuko says: "Why did you help the Avatar?"
Shyu says: "Because it was once the sages' duty. It is still our duty."
Zhao says: "What a moving and heartfelt performance. I'm certain the Fire Lord will understand, when you explain why you betrayed him."
Great Fire Sage says: "Commander Zhao."
Zhao says: "And Prince Zuko. It was a noble effort, but your little smokescreen didn't work.  Two traitors in one day, the Fire Lord will be pleased."
Zuko says: "You're too late, Zhao! The Avatar's inside and the doors are sealed."
Zhao says: "No matter.  Sooner or later, he has to come out."
Roku says: "I have something very important to tell you, Aang. That is why, when you were in the Spirit World, I sent my dragon to find you."
Aang says: "Is it about that vision? The one of the comet?"
Roku says: "Yes."
Aang says: "What does it mean?"
Roku says: "One hundred years ago,  Fire Lord Sozin used that comet to begin the War. He and his firebending army harnessed its incredible power, and dealt a deadly first strike against the other nations."
Aang says: "So the comet made them stronger?"
Roku says: "Yes. Stronger than you could even imagine."
Aang says: "But that happened a hundred years ago. What does the comet have to do with the War now?"
Roku says: "Listen carefully.  Sozin's Comet will return by the end of the summer, and Fire Lord Ozai will use its power to finish the War, once and for all.  If he succeeds, even the Avatar won't be able to restore balance to the world. Aang. You must defeat the Fire Lord, before the comet arrives."
Aang says: "But I haven't even started learning waterbending! Not to mention earth and fire!"
Roku says: "Mastering the elements takes years of discipline and practice. But if the world is to survive, you must do it by summer's end."
Zhao says: "When those doors open,  unleash all your firepower!"
Katara says: "How's Aang gonna make it out of this?"
Sokka says: "How are we gonna make it out of this?"
Aang says: "What if I can't master all the elements in time? What if I fail?"
Roku says: "I know you can do it Aang.  For you have done it before.  The solstice is ending. We must go our separate ways, for now."
Aang says: "But I won't be able to come back to the temple. What if I have questions? How will I talk to you?"
Roku says: "I am a part of you. When you need to talk to me again, you will find a way.  A great danger awaits you at the temple.  I can help you face the threat. But only if you are ready."
Aang says: "I'm ready."
