Aang says: "Great, you're back!"
Aang says: "What's for dinner?"
Sokka says: "We've got a few options. First; round nuts. And some kind of oval shaped nuts? And some rock-shaped nuts, that might just be rocks.  Dig in!"
Katara says: "Seriously ... what else you got?"
Sokka says: "What was that?"
Aang says: "It's coming from over there!"
Sokka says: "Shouldn't we run away from huge booms? Not toward them?"
Katara says: "An earthbender!"
Aang says: "Let's go meet him!"
Sokka says: "He looks dangerous, so we better approach cautiously."
Katara says: "Hello there! I'm Katara! What's your name?"
Aang says: "Nice to meet you!"
Katara says: "I just wanted to say hi."
Aang says: "Hey! That guy's gotta be running somewhere. Maybe we're near a village? And I bet that village has a market!"
Katara says: "Which means no nuts for dinner!"
Sokka says: "Hey! I worked hard to get those nuts!  Yeah, I hate 'em too."
Aang says: "Great hat!  I'll trade you some nuts for it."
Katara says: "Hey ..."
Haru says: "Hi, Mom."
Haru's mother says: "Where have you been, Haru? You're late! Get started on your chores."
Katara says: "Hey. You're that kid. Why did you run away before?"
Haru says: "Uh, you must have me confused with some other kid."
Aang says: "No, she doesn't. We saw you earthbending."
Haru's mother says: "They saw you doing what?!"
Haru says: "They're crazy, Mom! I mean, look at how they're dressed."
Haru's mother says: "You know how dangerous that is! You know what would happen if they caught you earthbending!"
Tax collector says: "Open up!"
Sokka says: "Fire Nation! Act natural!"
Haru's mother says: "What do you want? I've already paid you this week!"
Tax collector says: "The tax just doubled.  And we wouldn't want an accident, would we?  Fire is sometimes so hard to control."
Tax collector says: "You can keep the copper ones."
Sokka says: "Nice guy. How long has the Fire Nation been here?"
Haru's mother says: "Five years. Fire Lord Ozai uses our town's coal mines to fuel his ships."
Haru says: "They're thugs. They steal from us. And everyone here's too much of a coward to do anything about it."
Haru's mother says: "Quiet, Haru! Don't talk like that."
Katara says: "But, Haru's an earthbender? He can help!"
Haru's mother says: "Earthbending is forbidden. It's caused nothing but misery for this village!  He must never use his abilities."
Katara says: "How can you say that? Haru has a gift! Asking him not to earthbend is like asking me not to waterbend. It's a part of who we are."
Haru's mother says: "You don't understand."
Katara says: "I understand that Haru can help you fight back. What can the Fire Nation do to you that they haven't done already?"
Haru's mother says: "They could take Haru away! Like they took his father."
