Hama says: "The guards were always very careful to keep any water away from us. They piped in dry air and had us suspended away from the ground. Before giving us any water, they would bind our hands and feet so we couldn't bend.  Any sign of trouble was met with cruel retribution.  And yet each month, I felt the full moon enriching me with its energy.  There had to be something I could do to escape.  Then I realized that where there is life, there is water.  The rats that scurried across the floor of my cage were nothing more than skins filled with liquid and I passed years developing the skill that would lead to my escape.  Bloodbending.  Controlling the water in another body,  enforcing your own will over theirs.  Once I had mastered the rats, I was ready for the men."
Hama says: "And during the next full moon, I walked free for the first time in decades.  My cell unlocked by the very guards assigned to keep me in.  Once you perfect this technique, you can control anything or  anyone."
Katara says: "But ... to reach inside someone and control them?  I don't know if I want that kind of power."
Hama says: "The choice is not yours. The power exists. And it's your duty to use the gifts you've been given to win this war.  Katara, they tried to wipe us out, our entire culture, your mother!"
Katara says: "I know."
Hama says: "Then you should understand what I'm talking about! We're the last two waterbenders of the Southern Tribe.  We have to fight these people whenever we can, wherever they are, with any means necessary!"
Katara says: "It's you ...  You're the one who's been making people disappear during the full moons!"
Hama says: "They threw me in prison to rot, along with my brothers and sisters! They deserve the same! You must carry on my work!"
Katara says: "I won't! I won't use bloodbending and I won't allow you to keep terrorizing this town!"
Hama says: "You should've learned the technique before you turned against me!  It's impossible to fight your way out of my grip! I control every muscle, every vein in your body!"
Katara says: "Stop! Please ..."
Katara says: "You're not the only one who draws power from the moon!  My bending is more powerful than yours, Hama. Your technique is useless on me!"
Hama says: "Aahhh!"
