Iroh says: "If the city is as magnificent as its wall, Ba Sing Se must be something to behold. I hope you all may see it someday, if we don't burn it to the ground first!"
Ursa says: "Until then, enjoy these gifts."
Ursa says: "For Zuko, a pearl dagger from the general who surrendered when we broke through the Outer Wall. Note the inscription and the superior craftsmanship."
Young Zuko says: "Never give up without a fight."
Ursa says: "And for Azula, a new friend. She wears the latest fashion for Earth Kingdom girls."
Young Azula says: "If Uncle doesn't make it back from war, then Dad will be next in line for Fire Lord, wouldn't he?"
Ursa says: "Azula, we don't speak that way. It would be awful if Uncle Iroh didn't return. And besides, Fire Lord Azulon is a picture of health."
Young Zuko says: "How would you like it if cousin Lu Ten wanted Dad to die?"
Young Azula says: "I still think our dad would make a much better Fire Lord than His Royal Tea-Loving Kookiness."
Zuko says: "You're holding them wrong."
Zuko says: "Keep in mind, these are dual swords. Two halves of a single weapon. Don't think of them as separate, 'cause they're not. They're just two different parts of the same whole."
Lee says: "I think you'd really like my brother Sensu. He used to show me stuff like this all the time."
Sela says: "Here. This ought to get you through a few meals."
Gansu says: "What do you think they want?"
Zuko says: "Trouble."
Gansu says: "What do you want, Gow?"
Gow says: "Just thought someone ought to tell you that your son's battalion got captured.  You boys hear what the Fire Nation did with their last group of Earth Kingdom prisoners?"
Earth Kingdom soldier says: "Dressed 'em up in Fire Nation uniforms and put 'em on the front line unarmed, the way I heard it.  Then they just watched."
Gansu says: "You watch your mouth!"
Gow says: "Why bother rooting around in the mud with these pigs?"
Ursa says: "Iroh has lost his son. Your cousin Lu Ten did not survive the battle."
Lee says: "What's going to happen to my brother?"
Gansu says: "I'm going to the front. I'm going to find Sensu and bring him back."
Lee says: "When my dad goes ... will you stay?"
Zuko says: "No. I need to move on."
Zuko says: "Here. I want you to have this. Read the inscription."
Lee says: "Made in Earth Kingdom."
Zuko says: "The other one."
Lee says: "Never give up without a fight."
Young Azula says: "You waste all your time playing with knives. You're not even good!"
Young Zuko says: "Put an apple on your head and we'll find out how good I am!"
Young Azula says: "By the way, Uncle's coming home."
Young Zuko says: "Does that mean ... we won the War?"
Young Azula says: "No, it means Uncle's a quitter and a loser."
Young Zuko says: "What are you talking about? Uncle's not a quitter!"
Young Azula says: "Oh yes he is! He found out his son died and he just fell apart! A real general would stay and burn Ba Sing Se to the ground, not lose the battle and come home crying."
Young Zuko says: "How do you know what he should do? He's probably just sad his only kid is gone. Forever."
Ursa says: "Your father has requested an audience with Fire Lord Azulon. Best clothes, hurry up!"
Young Azula says: "Fire Lord Azulon ... can't you just call him 'Grandfather'? He's not exactly the powerful Fire Lord he used to be. Someone will probably end up taking his place soon."
Ursa says: "Young lady! Not another word!"
Ursa says: "What is wrong with that child?"
