Aang says: "I guess I just panicked. I don't know what to say."
Toph says: "There's nothing to say, you blew it! You had a perfect stance, and a perfect form. But when it came right down to it, you didn't have the guts!"
Aang says: "I know. I'm sorry."
Toph says: "Yeah, you are sorry! If you're not tough enough to stop the rock, then you can at least give it the pleasure of smashing you instead of jumping out of the way like a jelly-boned wimp! Now, do you have what it takes to face that rock like an earthbender?"
Aang says: "No, I don't think I do."
Katara says: "Aang, it's no big deal. You'll take a break and try earthbending again when you're ready. Besides, you still have a lot of waterbending to work on. Okay?"
Aang says: "Yeah, that sounds good."
Toph says: "Yeah, whatever, go splash around until you feel better."
Zuko says: "Why can't I do it? Instead of lightning it keeps exploding in my face ... like everything always does."
Iroh says: "I was afraid this might happen. You will not be able to master lightning until you have dealt with the turmoil inside you."
Zuko says: "What turmoil?"
Iroh says: "Zuko, you must let go of your feelings of shame if you want your anger to go away."
Zuko says: "But I don't feel any shame at all. I'm as proud as ever."
Iroh says: "Prince Zuko, pride is not the opposite of shame, but its source. True humility is the only antidote to shame."
Zuko says: "Well, my life has been nothing but humbling lately."
Iroh says: "I have another idea. I will teach you a firebending move that even Azula doesn't know, because I made it up myself."
Sokka says: "You probably think I deserve this, don't you? Look, I'm sorry I hunted you, but that's just the natural order of things. Big things eat smaller things, nothing personal. But this time it didn't work out that way. I admit it ... you're cute. Okay, you convinced me, if I get out of this alive, it's a karmically correct, vegetarian existence for me. No meat. Even though meat is so tasty.  Hey, looks like my karma is already paying off! That's okay, I got it.  Now, come back boomerang."
Katara says: "You know this block you're having is only temporary, right?"
Aang says: "I don't want to talk about it."
Katara says: "You do realize that's the problem, don't you? If you face this issue instead of avoiding it–"
Aang says: "I know, I know, I know, I know! I get it, all right? I need to face it head on like a rock, but I just can't do it. I don't know why I can't, but I can't."
Katara says: "Aang, if fire and water are opposites, then what's the opposite of air?"
Aang says: "I guess it's earth."
Katara says: "That's why it's so difficult for you to get this. You're working with your natural opposite. But you'll figure it out. I know you will. Think fast!  Excellent. You have the reflexes of a waterbending master."
Aang says: "Thanks, Katara. Sifu Katara."
Iroh says: "Fire is the element of power.  The people of the Fire Nation have desire and will, and the energy to drive and achieve what they want. Earth is the element of substance.  The people of the Earth Kingdom are diverse and strong. They are persistent and enduring. Air is the element of freedom.  The Air Nomads detached themselves from worldly concerns and found peace and freedom. Also, they apparently had pretty good senses of humor!  Water is the element of change.  The people of the Water Tribe are capable of adapting to many things. They have a deep sense of community and love that holds them together through anything."
Zuko says: "Why are you telling me these things?"
Iroh says: "It is important to draw wisdom from many different places. If you take it from only one place, it becomes rigid and stale.  Understanding others, the other elements, and the other nations will help you become whole."
Zuko says: "All this four elements talk is sounding like Avatar stuff."
Iroh says: "It is the combination of the four elements in one person that makes the Avatar so powerful. But it can make you more powerful, too. You see the technique I'm about to teach you is one I learned by studying the waterbenders."
Toph says: "Aang, I found these nuts in your bag. I figured you wouldn't mind. And besides, even if you did, you're too much of a pushover to do anything about it."
Aang says: "As a matter of fact, I don't mind. I'm happy to share anything I have."
Toph says: "You know, I'm really glad you feel that way. Because I also have this great new nutcracker."
Aang says: "Actually, I prefer if you didn't ...  That's an antique, handcrafted by the monks ...  It's a delicate instrument!"
Toph says: "It's not the only delicate instrument around here."
Aang says: "Ohm."
Katara says: "Hey Aang, have you seen–"
Aang says: "Meditating here!"
Katara says: "It's important. It's almost sundown and Sokka isn't back yet. I think we should search for him."
Aang says: "We'll find him faster if we split up."
Sokka says: "Okay, karma person or thing, whoever's in charge of this stuff. If I can just get out of this situation alive, I will give up meat and sarcasm. Okay?  Ow! That's all I got. It's pretty much my whole identity. Sokka, the meat and sarcasm guy. But I'm willing to be Sokka, the veggies and straight talk fellow. Deal?  Aang! Thank goodness! Have you got any meat?"
Aang says: "Sokka! Are you okay?"
Sokka says: "Aggh, stop, stop! You're going to pull my fingers off and I don't think the rest of me is coming!"
Aang says: "Hmmm ... I bet I can airbend you out of here."
Sokka says: "Seriously Aang, I know you're new at it, but I could use a little earthbending here. How about it?"
Aang says: "I can't ... I can't do it."
Sokka says: "Well, if you can't earthbend me out of here, go get Toph."
Aang says: "I can't do that either."
Sokka says: "You can't? Why not?"
Aang says: "It would just be really ... uncomfortable."
Sokka says: "Uncomfortable?  Well, I wouldn't want you to feel uncomfortable ..."
Aang says: "Thanks, Sokka. This whole earthbending thing really has me confused. There's so much pressure. Everyone expects me to get it right away. It puts me in a really awkward position."
Sokka says: "Awkward position, I think I know the feeling."
Aang says: "If I try, I fail. If I don't try, I'm never going to get it. I feel like I'm caught between a rock and a hard place."
Sokka says: "Hmmm ... how about that. Aang, this is my friend, Foo Foo Cuddlypoops. Foo Foo Cuddlypoops, Aang."
Aang says: "Awww, what a cute name for a baby saber-tooth moose-lion cub."
Sokka says: "Really? He looks nothing like a saber-tooth moose-lion."
Aang says: "It's hard to tell before their giant teeth and horns grow in. What are you doing out here little guy? Did you lose your mama?"
