Toph says: "It's gone!"
Sokka says: "Oh don't tell me- !  That's okay. Still got my positive attitude."
Katara says: "The Dai Li must've known we were coming and destroyed the evidence!"
Kuei says: "Hm ...  That seems awfully convenient."
Sokka says: "Hey, if anything, this proves the conspiracy exists even more."
Kuei says: "Long Feng was right. This was a waste of time.  If you'll excuse me, I'm going back to the palace."
Katara says: "The wall. They'll never be able to cover that up in time."
Aang says: "Oh, yeah.  If you come with us to the Outer Wall, we can prove to you that the secret war is real."
Kuei says: "No Earth King has ever been to the Outer Wall.  I don't have any more time for this nonsense."
Sokka says: "If you come with us, this time you can ride on Appa."
Toph says: "First time flying?"
Kuei says: "It's both thrilling and terrifying!"
Toph says: "Yeah.  I hate it, too."
Kuei says: "I have to be honest with you: part of me really hopes that what you're telling me about this war isn't true."
Aang says: "I wish it wasn't."
Blue dragon says: "It's getting late. Are you planning to retire soon, my lord?"
Zuko says: "I'm not tired."
Blue dragon says: "Relax, Fire Lord Zuko. Just let go. Give in to it. Shut your eyes for a while."
Red dragon says: "No, Fire Lord Zuko! Do not listen to the blue dragon. You should get out of here right now. Go! Before it's too late!"
Blue dragon says: "Sleep now, Fire Lord Zuko."
Blue dragon says: "Sleep.  Just like mother!"
Ursa says: "Zuko! Help me!"
Aang says: "It's still there!"
Kuei says: "What is that?"
Sokka says: "It's a drill. A giant drill  made by the Fire Nation to break through your walls."
Kuei says: "I can't believe I never knew."
Long Feng says: "I can explain this, Your Majesty.  This is nothing more than ... a construction project."
Katara says: "Really? Then perhaps you could explain why there's a  Fire Nation insignia on your "construction project"."
Long Feng says: "Well it's imported of course. You know you can't trust domestic machinery.  Surely you don't believe these children instead of your most loyal attendant?"
Kuei says: "Dai Li! Arrest Long Feng! I want him to stand trial for crimes against the Earth Kingdom."
Long Feng says: "You can't arrest me! You all need me more than you know!"
Sokka says: "Looks like Long Feng is long gone! Ha! Ah, yeah, I've been waiting to use that one."
Kuei says: "I want to thank you, young heroes, for opening my eyes. All this time, what I thought was a great metropolis was merely a city of fools. And that makes me the king fool.  We're at war. With the Fire Nation."
Sokka says: "That's why we came to Ba Sing Se, Your Highness: because we think you can help us end the war."
Aang says: "We don't have much time. There's a comet coming this summer. Its energy will give the firebenders unbelievable strength. They'll be unstoppable."
Sokka says: "But there is hope. Before the comet comes, we have a window of opportunity: A solar eclipse is coming. The sun will be completely blocked out by the moon, and the firebenders will be helpless."
Kuei says: "What are you suggesting, Sokka?"
Sokka says: "That's the day we need to invade the Fire Nation.  The Day of Black Sun."
Kuei says: "I don't know. That would require moving troops out of Ba Sing Se. We'd be completely vulnerable."
Sokka says: "You're already vulnerable. The Fire Nation won't stop until Ba Sing Se falls. You can either sit back and wait for that to happen, or take the offensive and give yourself a fighting chance."
Kuei says: "Very well. You have my support."
General How says: "Your Majesty.  I apologize for the interruption."
Kuei says: "This is General How. He's the leader of the Council of Five, my highest ranking generals."
General How says: "We searched Long Feng's office. I think we found something that will interest everybody."
General How says: "There are secret files on everyone in Ba Sing Se. Including you kids."
Aang says: "Secret files?"
Kuei says: ""Toph Beifong.""
Katara says: "It's a letter from your mom. Your mom's here in the city. And she wants to see you."
Toph says: "Long Feng intercepted our letters from home?  That's just sad."
Kuei says: "Aang?"
General How says: "This scroll was attached to the horn of your bison when the Dai Li captured it."
Aang says: "It's from the Eastern Air Temple."
Katara says: "Is there a letter for me and Sokka by any chance?"
Kuei says: "I'm afraid not."
Sokka says: "Oh."
General How says: "But there is an intelligence report that might interest you."
Katara says: ""A small fleet of Water Tribe ships.""
Sokka says: "What? That could be Dad!"
Katara says: ""Protecting the mouth of Chameleon Bay.  Led by Hakoda."  It is Dad!"
Iroh says: "You should know that this is not a natural sickness, but that shouldn't stop you from enjoying tea."
Zuko says: "What's happening?"
Iroh says: "Your critical decision. What you did beneath that lake. It was in such conflict with your image of yourself that you are now at war within your own mind and body."
Zuko says: "What's that mean?"
Iroh says: "You are going through a metamorphosis, my nephew. It will not be a pleasant experience, but when you come out of it,  you will be the beautiful prince you were always meant to be."
Aang says: "I can't believe it. There's a man living at the Eastern Air Temple. He says he's a guru."
Sokka says: "What's a guru? Some kind of poisonous blow fish?"
Aang says: "No, a spiritual expert. He wants to help me take the next step in the Avatar journey. He says he can teach me to control the Avatar State."
Katara says: "And I can't believe we know where our dad is now."
Toph says: "I know what you mean. My mom's in the city. And from her letter it sounds like she finally understands me."
Sokka says: "This is all such big news! Where do we even start?"
Katara says: "I hate to say it, but we have to split up."
Aang says: "Split up? We just found Appa and got the family back together! Now you want us to separate?"
Katara says: "You have to meet this guru, Aang. If we're going to invade the Fire Nation, you need to be ready."
Aang says: "Well, if I'm going to the Eastern Air Temple, Appa and I can drop you off at Chameleon Bay to see your dad."
Sokka says: "Someone has to stay here with the Earth King and help him plan for the invasion.  I guess that's me."
Katara says: "No, Sokka. I know how badly you wanna help Dad. You go to Chameleon Bay. I'll stay here with the king."
Sokka says: "You are the nicest ... sister ... ever!"
Katara says: "Easy there, big brother ...  Though you're right. I am."
Aang says: "Katara? I need to tell you something.  I've been wanting to say it for a long time."
Katara says: "What is it, Aang?"
Aang says: "Katara, I-"
Sokka says: "All right. Who's ready to get going on our little men-only man trip?"
Kuei says: "Aang and Sokka,  I wish you a good journey. Ba Sing Se owes you its thanks. We look forward to your safe return."
Soldier says: "Your Majesty. There are three female warriors to see you. They're from the island of Kyoshi."
Sokka says: "That's Suki!"
Kuei says: "You know these warriors?"
Sokka says: "Oh yeah. The Kyoshi Warriors are a skilled group of fighters. Trustworthy too. They're good friends of ours."
Kuei says: "Then we shall welcome them as honored guests."
Katara says: "Wait. Aang."
Toph says: "I'm really gonna miss you guys."
Katara says: "Me too."
Aang says: "Yeah."
Sokka says: "Aahh! Great. That's enough.  Okay, we love each other.  Seriously."
Sokka says: "You see, Aang? A little positive thinking works wonders. We got the king on our side, we got Long Feng arrested, and when we get back, Suki's waiting for me."
Aang says: "Yeah. Girls are waiting for us. Thanks, positive attitude."
Sokka says: "Everything is gonna work out perfectly. From now on and forever."
Agent says: "Dinner.  The Council of Five and the military are loyal to the Earth King,  but the Dai Li remains loyal to you, Long Feng, sir."
Toph says: "Hello? Mom? Anyone home?  Hey! Who do you think you're dealing with!?"
Xin Fu says: "One loud-mouthed little brat who strayed too far from home."
Kuei says: "In our hour of need, it is with the highest honor that I welcome our esteemed allies, the Kyoshi Warriors!"
Azula says: "We are the Earth King's humble servants."
Main Aang Iroh Katara Kuei Sokka Toph Zuko Antagonists Azula Long Feng Mai Ty Lee Xin Fu Yu says: "Minor Appa How Momo Royal Earthbender Guards"
Sokka says: "Hey, I remember her!  She helped you attack us!"
Zuko says: "Yup.  Back in the good old days."
