Pathik says: "Hello. I am Guru Pathik.  I know I'm not the person you expected. And I didn't expect to be licked by a giant tongue just now.  The world is full of surprises."
Pathik says: "Oh, dear. You've been through so much recently. Hurt and betrayed. So twisted up inside.  You're still full of love. Ah. But fear has moved in where trust should be.  I've been expecting you and the young Avatar for quite a long time. I had a vision many years ago of helping him. That's why I came to the Eastern Air Temple.  Oh, your emotions are so turbulent. Like swirling storm clouds.  Let the clouds in your mind be gentle, peaceful ones."
Pathik says: "Someone looks very well rested,  judging by your bed head."
Pathik says: "I have prepared a message for Aang. May I attach it to your horn?  You and the Avatar's energies are mixed. You have an unbreakable bond. By reading your energy, I can sense where Aang is.  Funny, what invisible strings connect us all.  I'll see you again, great beast."
Main Appa Kyoshi Warriors Pathik Suki Antagonists Azula Boar-q-pine Circus trainer Farmer and wife Ghashiun Mai Sandbenders Ty Lee says: "Minor Aang Appa's mother (flashback only) Beetle-headed merchants Hakoda Iio (flashback only) Iroh Long Feng Momo Other flying bison (flashback only) Shuzumu Toph Unnamed Fire Nation boy Unnamed Fire Nation man Zuko"
Aang says: "Momo!  Oh Momo!  Hahahahaha! You found me, buddy!  Hey guys, I think this river's polluted."
Toph says: "Pah! Plegh!"
Sokka says: "Well that explains why I can't catch a fish around here, because normally my fishing skills are off the hook!  Get it? Like a fishing hook?"
Toph says: "Too bad your skills aren't on the hook."
Katara says: "It looks like we'll need to go somewhere else to get food,  assuming that'll fit into Sokka's master schedule."
Sokka says: "Hmmm ... It's doable. But that means only two potty breaks today."
Aang says: "Hey, maybe we can get food there!"
Aang says: "Now you look just like a little hill with horns! Bye, buddy!"
