Zuko says: "Uncle, you're the only person other than the Avatar who can  possibly defeat the Father Lord."
Toph says: "You mean the Fire Lord."
Zuko says: "That's what I just said!"
Iroh says: "Hmmm ..."
Zuko says: "We need you to come with us!"
Iroh says: "No, Zuko, it won't turn out well."
Zuko says: "You can beat him!  And we'll be there to help."
Iroh says: "Even if I did defeat Ozai,  and I don't know that I could, it would be the wrong way to end the war.  History would see it as just more senseless violence, a brother killing a brother to grab power. The only way for this war to end peacefully is for the Avatar to defeat the Fire Lord."
Zuko says: "And then ... then you would come and take your rightful place on the throne?"
Iroh says: "No. Someone new must take the throne. An idealist with a pure heart  and unquestionable honor. It has to be you, Prince Zuko."
Zuko says: "Unquestionable honor? But I've made so many mistakes."
Iroh says: "Yes, you have.  You've struggled; you've suffered, but you have always followed your own path.  You restored your own honor, and only you can restore the honor of the Fire Nation."
Zuko says: "I'll try, Uncle."
Toph says: "Well, what if Aang doesn't come back?"
Iroh says: "Sozin's Comet is arriving, and our destinies are upon us. Aang will face the Fire Lord.  When I was a boy, I had a vision that I would one day take Ba Sing Se.  Only now do I see that my destiny is to take it back from the Fire Nation,  so the Earth Kingdom can be free again."
Suki says: "That's why you gathered the members of the White Lotus."
Iroh says: "Yes.  Zuko, you must return to the Fire Nation, so that when the Fire Lord falls, you can assume the throne and restore peace and order.  But Azula will be there, waiting for you."
Zuko says: "I can handle Azula."
Iroh says: "Not alone!  You'll need help."
Zuko says: "You're right. Katara,  how would you like to help me put Azula in her place?"
Katara says: "It would be my pleasure."
Sokka says: "What about us?  What is our destiny today?"
Iroh says: "What do you think it is?"
Sokka says: "I think that, even though we don't know where Aang is, we need to do everything we can to stop the airship fleet."
Toph says: "And that means when Aang does face the Fire Lord, we'll be right there if he needs us."
