Katara says: "Come on, get up. We need to go."
Toph says: "Yesterday my mouth tasted like mud. Now it just tastes like sand. I never thought I'd miss the taste of mud so much."
Aang says: "I'm awake. I couldn't sleep."
Katara says: "Well, we need to get moving if we want to get out of this sand pit."
Aang says: "Appa!"
Sokka says: "Appa‌? But why would Princess Yue need him‌? She's the moon!  She flies by herself!"
Katara says: "It's just a cloud. Wait! A cloud!  Here, fly up and bend the water from that cloud into my pouch."
Katara says: "Wow ... there's hardly any in here."
Aang says: "I'm sorry, okay! It's a desert cloud; I did all I could! What's anyone else doing?!  What are you doing‌?!"
Katara says: "Trying to keep everyone together. Let's just get moving. We need to head this direction."
Toph says: "Ow! Crud! I am so sick of not feeling where I'm going!  And what idiot buried a boat in the middle of the desert‌?"
Katara says: "A boat‌?"
Toph says: "Believe me, I kicked it hard enough to feel plenty of vibrations."
Katara says: "It's one of the gliders the sandbenders use! And look! It's got some kind of compass on it!  I bet it can point us out of here! Aang, you can bend a breeze so we can sail it. We're going to make it!"
Fung says: "It is an honor to welcome such a high-ranking member of the Order of the White Lotus. Being a Grand Master, you must know so many secrets."
Zuko says: "Now that you played Pai Sho, are you going to do some flower arranging, or is someone in this club going to offer some real help‌?"
Iroh says: "You must forgive my nephew. He is not an initiate and has little appreciation for the cryptic arts."
Florist says: "Who knocks at the guarded gate‌?"
Iroh says: "One who has eaten the fruit and tasted its mysteries."
Iroh says: "I'm afraid it's members only. Wait out here."
Katara says: "The needle on this compass doesn't seem to be pointing north according to my charts."
Sokka says: "Take it easy little lady. I'm sure the sand folks who built this baby know how to get around here."
Katara says: "That's what the compass is pointing to! That giant rock! It must be the magnetic center of the desert."
Toph says: "A rock‌?! Yes! Let's go!"
Katara says: "Maybe we can find some water there!"
Aang says: "Maybe we can find some sandbenders."
Toph says: "Ahhh ... Finally! Solid ground!"
Sokka says: "I think my head is starting to clear out the cactus juice. And look!"
Sokka says: "Tastes like rotten penguin meat! Awww, I feel woozy."
Katara says: "You've been hallucinating on cactus juice all day and then you just lick something you find stuck to the wall of a cave‌?!"
Sokka says: "I have a natural curiosity."
Toph says: "I don't think this is a normal cave. This was carved by something."
Aang says: "Yeah ... look at the shape."
Toph says: "There's something buzzing in here.  Something that's coming for us!"
Sokka says: "What are you doing? That rock almost crushed me!"
Toph says: "Sorry, I can't tell where they are in the air!"
Sokka says: "I got this one."
Katara says: "Sokka, there's nothing there!"
Sokka says: "I guess my head's not as clear as I thought."
