Quon says: "So, you're the genius behind this incredible brew. The whole city is buzzing about you! I hope Pao pays you well."
Iroh says: "Good tea is its own reward."
Quon says: "But it doesn't have to be the only reward. How would you like to have your own tea shop?"
Iroh says: "My own tea shop? This is a dream come true!"
Pao says: "What's going on here? Are you trying to poach my tea-maker?"
Quon says: "Sorry Pao, but that's business for you, am I right?"
Pao says: "Mushi, if you stay, I'll make you assistant manager. Wait, senior assistant manager!"
Quon says: "I'll provide you with a new apartment in the Upper Ring.  The tea shop is yours to do whatever you want,  complete creative freedom."
Iroh says: "I even get to name the shop?"
Quon says: "Of course!"
Pao says: "Uh, senior executive assistant manager?"
Iroh says: "Did you hear, nephew? This man wants to give us our own tea shop in the Upper Ring of the city!"
Quon says: "That's right, young man, your life is about to change for the better!"
Zuko says: "I'll try to contain my joy."
Aang says: "I just finished dropping all the leaflets. Has anyone come in with news about Appa?"
Katara says: "It's only been a day. Just be patient."
Aang says: "Wow, you're right! Patience really pays off!  Joo Dee?"
Joo Dee says: "Hello, Aang, and Katara, and Sokka, and Toph."
Sokka says: "What happened to you? Did the Dai Li throw you in jail?"
Joo Dee says: "What? Jail? Of course not. The Dai Li are the protectors of our cultural heritage."
Toph says: "But you disappeared at the Earth King's party."
Joo Dee says: "Oh, I simply took a short vacation to Lake Laogai, out in the country. It was quite relaxing."
Katara says: "But then they replaced you with some other woman who also said her name was Joo Dee."
Joo Dee says: "I'm Joo Dee."
Aang says: "Why are you here?"
Joo Dee says: "Dropping fliers and putting up posters isn't permitted within the city. Not without proper clearance."
Sokka says: "We can't wait around to get permission for everything."
Joo Dee says: "You are absolutely forbidden by the rules of the city to continue putting up posters."
Aang says: "We don't care about the rules and we're not asking permission!  We're finding Appa on our own and you should just stay out of our way!"
Sokka says: "That might come back to bite us in the blubber."
Aang says: "I don't care! From now on, we do whatever it takes to find Appa!"
Toph says: "Yeah, let's break some rules!"
