Sokka says: "We'll split up to cover more area. Toph, I guess you should just come with me."
Toph says: "Why? Because you think I can't put up posters on my own?!  It's upside-down, isn't it? I'll just go with Sokka."
Jet says: "Katara?"
Jet says: "I think I can help you.  Katara, I've changed!"
Katara says: "Tell it to some other girl, Jet!"
Jet says: "I don't want to fight you, I'm here to help!"
Sokka says: "Katara, what is it?"
Katara says: "Jet's back.  We can't trust anything Jet says."
Sokka says: "But we don't even know why he's here!"
Katara says: "I don't care why he's here, whatever the reason is, it can't be good!"
Jet says: "I'm here to help you find Appa!"
Aang says: "Katara, we have to give him a chance."
Jet says: "I swear, I've changed! I was a troubled person and I let my anger get out of control, but I don't even have the gang now! I've put all that behind me!"
Katara says: "You're lying!"
Toph says: "He's not lying."
Sokka says: "How can you tell?"
Toph says: "I can feel his breathing and heartbeat. When people lie, there's a physical reaction. He's telling the truth."
Aang says: "Katara, we don't have any leads. If Jet says he can take us to Appa, we have to check it out."
Katara says: "All right.  But we're not letting you out of our sight."
Jet says: "This is the place I heard about."
Aang says: "There's nothing here."
Katara says: "If this is a trap–"
Jet says: "I told you, I work nearby! Two guys were talking about some giant furry creature they had, I figured it must be Appa!"
Toph says: "He was here!"
Aang says: "We missed him."
Old Sweepy says: "They took that big thing yesterday.  Shipped him out to some island. About time, I've been cleaning up fur, and various, uhhh ... leavings all day."
Aang says: "What island? Where's Appa?"
Old Sweepy says: "Foreman said some rich royal type on Whaletail Island bought him up. Guess for a zoo or such. Though, could be the meat that'd be good."
Aang says: "We've got to get to Whaletail Island!  Where's Whaletail Island?"
Sokka says: "Far, very far.  Here it is. It's near the South Pole, almost all the way back home."
Katara says: "Aang, it will take us weeks just to get to the tip of the Earth Kingdom. And then we'll need to find a boat to get to the island."
Aang says: "I don't care. We have a chance to find Appa! We have to try!"
Old Sweepy says: "Must be nice to visit an island. I haven't had a vacation for years."
Katara says: "Don't you have some more hair to clean up?"
Old Sweepy says: "Shuffle on, I get you. No more need for Old Sweepy ..."
Katara says: "You're right Aang, right now our first concern has to be finding Appa. We can come back when we have him."
Sokka says: "All right, let's get moving."
Jet says: "I'll come with you."
Katara says: "We don't need your help!"
Jet says: "Why won't you trust me?"
Katara says: "Gee, I wonder."
Toph says: "Was this guy your boyfriend or something?"
Katara says: "What ... no!"
Toph says: "I can tell you're lying ..."
Sokka says: "We can take the train out to the wall but then we'll have to walk."
Aang says: "Don't worry, on the way back we'll be flying!"
Toph says: "We're finally leaving Ba Sing Se.  Worst ... city ... ever!"
Smellerbee says: "Jet!"
Katara says: "I thought you said you didn't have your "gang" anymore!"
Jet says: "I don't!"
Smellerbee says: "We were so worried. How did you get away from the Dai Li?"
Katara says: "The Dai Li?!"
Jet says: "I don't know what she's talking about!"
Smellerbee says: "He got arrested by the Dai Li a couple of weeks ago. We saw them drag him away!"
Jet says: "Why would I be arrested? I've been living peacefully in the city!"
Toph says: "This doesn't make any sense. They're both telling the truth."
Katara says: "That's impossible."
Sokka says: "No it's not! Toph can't tell who's lying because they both think they're telling the truth. Jet's been brainwashed!"
Jet says: "That's crazy! It can't be!  Stay away from me!"
Zuko says: "Out of my way, skinny!"
Dai Li agent says: "Huh?"
Zuko says: "If you don't want to end up like him, you'll do what I say."
Katara says: "The Dai Li must have sent Jet to mislead us, and that janitor was part of their plot, too!"
Aang says: "I bet they have Appa here in the city. Maybe he's in the same place they took Jet! Where did they take you?"
Jet says: "Nowhere! I- I don't know what you're talking about!"
Aang says: "We need to find a way to jog his real memories."
Sokka says: "Maybe Katara should kiss him. That should bring something back!"
Katara says: "Maybe you should kiss him, Sokka!"
Sokka says: "Hey, just an idea!"
Aang says: "A bad one."
Sokka says: "Ooh, wait! I've got it!"
Jet says: "I don't think it's working."
Toph says: "Try to think of something from your past that triggers your emotions."
Smellerbee says: "The Fire Nation! Remember what they did to your family!"
Katara says: "Close your eyes. Picture it."
Jet says: "No! It's too painful!"
Katara says: "Maybe this will help."
Jet says: "They took me to a headquarters under the water. Like a lake!"
Sokka says: "Wait! Remember what Joo Dee said? She said she went on vacation to Lake Laogai!"
Jet says: "That's it! Lake Laogai."
Sokka says: "So where's this secret headquarters?"
Jet says: "Under the water, I think."
Toph says: "There's a tunnel right there by the shore."
Jet says: "It's all starting to come back to me!"
Brainwasher says: "I'm Joo Dee. Welcome to Ba Sing Se."
Joo Dees says: "I'm Joo Dee. Welcome to Ba Sing Se."
Brainwasher says: "We're so lucky to have our walls to create order."
Joo Dees says: "We're so lucky to have our walls to create order."
Jet says: "I think there might be a cell big enough to hold Appa up ahead. I think it's through here!"
