Male Fire Nation soldier says: "I don't know. Something strange is going on."
Little boy says: "It's the Painted Lady.  She's coming."
Mung says: "There is no Painted Lady!"
Female Fire Nation soldier says: "What is that sound?"
Male Fire Nation soldier says: "Maybe it is her."
Mung says: "Do something!  Stand your ground!  I'll take care of you myself."
Katara says: "Leave this village and never come back."
Little boy says: "I knew you'd come."
Villager #1 says: "Thank you!"
Villager #2 says: "Painted Lady, you're the best!"
Dock says: "Me and my brothers really owe you a lot.  Hey, wait a minute! I know you! You're not the Painted Lady, you're that colonial girl!"
Little boy says: "Yeah, you're the lady that gave me a fish."
Dock says: "You've been tricking us. You're a waterbender!"
Villager #3 says: "She's a waterbender!"
Villager #4 says: "How dare you act like our Painted Lady!"
Sokka says: "Maybe she is a waterbender, but she was just trying to help you. Because of her, that factory won't be polluting your river, and the army is gone. You should be down on your knees thanking her!"
Katara says: "Sokka, it's okay.  I shouldn't have acted like someone I wasn't, and I shouldn't have tricked you. But I felt like I had to do something. It doesn't matter if the Painted Lady is real or not. Because your problems are real, and this river is real. You can't wait around for someone to help you. You have to help yourself."
Dock says: "She's right, but what should we do?"
Toph says: "Maybe we can clean the river!"
Dock says: "Yeah, we can clean the river!  Thank you. You know, you're not so bad for a waterbender."
Sokka says: "You wouldn't mind keeping that a secret, by the way, would you?"
Dock says: "No problem. Keeping my mouth shut is a personal specialty. My brother Xu, on the other hand, ohh, he's a blabbermouth."
Katara says: "So, Dock, are you gonna help us clean?"
Dock says: "No, ma'am. I'm going to get my other brother, Bushi. He loves cleaning rivers.  All right, I'm Bushi! Let's get some river cleaning done!"
Aang says: "Aha, I knew it! I knew you were the same guy. You're the shop owner and the boat guy."
Dock says: "Oh, you must be talking about my brothers, Dock and Xu."
Aang says: "No, I just saw you! You switched hats and called yourself a different name!"
Dock says: "Oh, you know who does that? My brother, Dock.  He's crazy."
Painted Lady says: "Thank you."
Main Aang Katara Sokka Toph Antagonists Fire Nation guards Mung says: "Minor Appa Dock/Xu/Bushi Jang Hui boy Momo Painted Lady"
Zuko says: "I know you're nervous, but remember, firebending in it of itself is not something to fear."
Aang says: "Okay. Not something to fear."
Zuko says: "But if you don't respect it,  it'll chew you up and spit you out like an angry komodo rhino!"
