Scary prisoner says: "This girl you're talking about? She'll come around. You just gotta hang in there."
Aang says: "You think so?"
Scary prisoner says: "Sure."
Prisoner #2 says: "Yeah."
Sensitive ruffian says: "You're a catch."
Aang says: "I don't know ..."
Scary prisoner says: "Hey! You're smart, handsome, funny. Not to mention you're the Avatar."
Aang says: "You guys are great."
Sensitive ruffian says: "Don't be afraid to tell her how you feel."
Oyaji says: "This piece is called "The Birth of Kyoshi".  It was painted at sunrise on this day this island was founded. Why, it was today in fact, three hundred and seventy years ago."
Sokka says: "Three hundred and seventy years? Wait,  are you sure it was today?"
Oyaji says: "Oh, seeing how it's Kyoshi Day, yes,  I'm sure."
Sokka says: "This ceremony didn't take place at sunrise. It took place at sunset.  Look at the shadows."
Katara says: "They point east. So the sun must have been in the west."
Oyaji says: "So what?"
Sokka says: "If Kyoshi was in the ceremony at sunset, she couldn't have been in Chin committing the crime. She has an alibi!"
Katara says: "Honorable Mayor, we've prepared a solid defense for the Avatar. We did an investigation and found some very strong evidence."
Tong says: "Evidence?  Hmph! That's not how our court system works."
Aang says: "Then how can I prove my innocence?"
Tong says: "Simple. I say what happened , then you say what happened, and then I decide who's right.  That's why we call it justice. Because it's "just us.""
Tong says: "Everyone loved Chin the Great because he was so great. Then the Avatar showed up and killed him, and that's how it happened."
Guard says: "The accused will now present its argument."
Sokka says: "You can do it, Aang. Just remember the evidence."
Aang says: "Right ... evidence.  Ladies and gentlemen ... I'm about to tell you what really happened. And I will prove it with facts. Fact number one.  Uhhh ..."
Sokka says: "The footprint!"
Aang says: "Oh, yeah. You see ... I have very large feet.  Furthermore ... your temple matches your statue.  But ... I was in a painting at sunset.  So, there you have it, I'm not guilty."
Sokka says: "He's dead."
