Sokka says: "Hey, Dock. You work here too?"
Xu says: "I'm not Dock. I'm Xu! Dock's my brother."
Aang says: "But we just saw you. You're even wearing the same clothes.  The only difference is your hat."
Xu says: "Dock works on the docks. That's why we call him, "Dock", and I work in the shop, that's why they call me, "Xu"!"
Aang says: "I don't get it."
Xu says: "Me neither.  What I can getcha?  Hey, I'll give you a special deal. If you buy three fish, I'll give you a clam for free."
Sokka says: "We'll just take the fish.  Mind telling your brother we need a ride back to shore?"
Dock says: "Hey, colonials! My brother says you need a lift."
Little boy says: "Can you spare some food?"
Katara says: "I wish I could help more."
Sokka says: "Our detour into town today has completely thrown off our schedule. It's gonna take some serious finagling to get us back on track."
Toph says: "Finagle away, oh schedule master."
Sokka says: "Well, for starters, it looks like we'll need to wake up forty-three minutes earlier every day."
Katara says: "Forty-three minutes?"
Sokka says: "Look, we only have a few weeks to get to the Fire Lord in time for the invasion and the eclipse, which, by the way, only lasts for eight minutes. And we just lost a whole day. So if we want to make up the time and stay on schedule, we have to wake up early!"
Toph says: "Well I'm not waking up early."
Sokka says: "Or we could just cut out all of our eating breaks."
Aang says: "What?"
Katara says: "No way!"
Toph says: "Forget it!"
Sokka says: "I got it, how's this from now on, we'll take food breaks and potty breaks at the same time."
Sokka says: "Hey, it might be gross, but it's efficient. Either way, we have to leave here first thing tomorrow morning."
Aang says: "What's the matter Katara?"
Katara says: "I think Appa's sick."
Sokka says: "What? Appa's sick? That's awful!"
Toph says: "Wow, Sokka, I didn't realize you cared so much."
Sokka says: "Of course I care. I might as well just throw our schedule away now.  And I'm concerned because my big, furry friend doesn't feel well."
Toph says: "He must have gotten sick from being in the polluted water."
Aang says: "He doesn't look sick. You okay, buddy?  His tongue is purple! That can't be good. Katara, can you heal him?"
Katara says: "It looks like he needs some medicine. Maybe we can find the right herbs in town."
Toph says: "Is it just me, or does this place seem different?"
Aang says: "Yeah, are the people ... happier?"
Sokka says: "Hey, Xu, what's going on with everyone today?"
Xu says: "Ah, something amazing happened last night. Food was delivered to our village by a mysterious and wonderful person ... the Painted Lady."
Katara says: "The Painted who now?"
Xu says: "The Painted Lady.  She's part of our town's lore. They say she's a river spirit who watches over our town in times of need. I always thought she was just a legend. Until now."
Sokka says: "See, we don't need to help these people, they already have someone to help them. All we need is medicine for our sick friend."
Xu says: "Medicine? Sorry, all the medicine we have goes to the factory. That's why there's so many sick people in our village."
Katara says: "Looks like we need to stay another night so Appa can rest."
Sokka says: "I guess you're right. You got any more food to sell?"
Xu says: "Would you like the one-headed fish, or the two-headed fish?"
Sokka says: "Two-headed!  What? You get more for your money that way!"
Little boy says: "Thank you, Painted Lady."
Sokka says: "Hi, Dock. Is Xu around?"
Dock/Xu says: "Let me check ...  Hey there! Back again, are ya?"
Toph says: "We need more food.  Our friend is still sick and we can't leave until he's better."
Xu says: "Oh, well, that's too bad. Maybe if you guys are lucky, the Painted Lady will visit you in the night, and heal your friend."
Sokka says: "And maybe she'll cook us a midnight snack, and we'll all have a sing-along."
Xu says: "Yeah, maybe! You know, last night she visited us again. Healed most of our sick folks."
Aang says: "Is that why this place seems so festive?"
Dock says: "Yep, it's all because of the Painted Lady."
Katara says: "Can you believe how much an entire village can be affected by one lady I mean ... spirit?"
Sokka says: "Well, I hope she returns every night. Otherwise this place would go right back to the way it was."
Katara says: "Why would you say that? Look how much better off these people are."
Sokka says: "Yeah, now, but without her they wouldn't be able to fend for themselves. If she really wanted to help, she would use her spirit magic to blow up that factory."
Aang says: "Spirit magic doesn't work that way, Sokka. It's more like ..."
Aang and Sokka says: "Wooooooooo ..."
