Hakoda says: "This bay leads directly to the outskirts of Ba Sing Se. We've been using these tangle mines to stop the Fire Nation ships from getting through."
Bato says: "Your father invented tangle mines himself."
Sokka says: "Destructive? Buoyant? And ...  Aggh, ehhh! Terrible smelling!"
Hakoda says: "Very perceptive. The mines are filled with skunk fish and seaweed. When a ship detonates the mine, the seaweed tangles up the propeller and the foul smell forces people to abandon the ship. I call it the "stink and sink.""
Sokka says: "Good one, Dad!"
Bato says: "You're definitely your father's son."
Warrior says: "Hakoda, our scouts have spotted four Fire Nation ships!"
Hakoda says: "Bato, get these mines loaded up! The rest of you men, prepare for battle!"
Sokka says: "Uhhh ... what should I do, Dad?"
Hakoda says: "Aren't you listening? I said, "The rest of you men, get ready for battle"."
Iroh says: "Who thought when we came to this city as refugees, that I'd end up owning my own tea shop? Follow your passion, Zuko, and life will reward you."
Zuko says: "Congratulations, Uncle."
Iroh says: "I am very thankful."
Zuko says: "You deserve it. The Jasmine Dragon will be the best tea shop in the city."
Iroh says: "No. I'm thankful because you decided to share this special day with me. It means more than you know."
Zuko says: "Now let's make these people some tea!"
Iroh says: "Yes, let's make some tea!"
Pathik says: "Third is the Fire Chakra, located in the stomach."
Aang says: "My Fire Chakra would like to eat something other than onion-banana juice."
Pathik says: "Good one! Moving on. This chakra deals with willpower, and is blocked by shame. What are you ashamed of?  What are your biggest disappointments in yourself?"
Aang says: "I'm never going to firebend again. I can't."
Pathik says: "You will never find balance if you deny this part of your life. You are the Avatar and therefore, you are a firebender.  Hmmm ... that chakra opened less like a flowing creek, and more like a ... burping bison."
Aang says: "Tastes like onions and bananas, but strangely something else. Pickles?"
Mai says: "I'm tired of wearing this girly disguise. I don't know how anyone could fight in this."
Ty Lee says: "Maybe that's why it was so easy to beat the Kyoshi Warriors and take their clothes."
Mai says: "How much longer do we have to serve the Earth King? If I have to clean up one more pile of bear poop, I'm going to throw up."
Ty Lee says: "Princess Azula promised we would go back to the Fire Nation as soon as we captured the Avatar. We just have to be patient."
Mai says: "Shush up! Do you want the whole palace to know we're Fire Nation?"
Ty Lee says: "Sorry!"
Azula says: "Good work, girls. I'm sure the Dai Li will deliver the message."
Pathik says: "The fourth chakra is located in the heart. It deals with love and is blocked by grief.  Lay all your grief out in front of you."
Pathik says: "You have indeed felt a great loss.  But love is a form of energy, and it swirls all around us.  The Air Nomads' love for you has not left this world. It is still inside of your heart, and is reborn in the form of new love."
Pathik says: "Let the pain flow away.  Very good."
Aang says: "Can I have some onion-banana juice, please?"
Pathik says: "The fifth in the chain is the Sound Chakra, located in the throat. It deals with truth and is blocked by lies. The ones we tell ourselves."
Katara (flashback) says: "Why didn't you tell us you were the Avatar?"
Aang says: "Because I never wanted to be."
Pathik says: "You cannot lie about your own nature. You must accept that you are the Avatar.  Very good, Aang. You have opened the chakra of truth."
Pathik says: "The sixth pool of energy is the light chakra, located in the center of the forehead. It deals with insight and is blocked by illusion. The greatest illusion of this world is the illusion of separation. Things you think are separate and different are actually one in the same."
Aang says: "Like the four nations."
Pathik says: "Yes. We are all one people,  but we live as if divided."
Aang says: "We're all connected. Everything is connected."
Pathik says: "That's right! Even the separation of the four elements is an illusion. If you open your mind, you will see that all the elements are one. Four parts of the same whole. Even metal is just a part of earth that has been purified and refined."
Toph says: "Come on, metal. Budge!  Wooo! Toph, you rule."
Katara says: "What do you say, Momo? A cup of tea before we get back to the king?  Table for two, please."
Zuko says: "Uncle! I need two jasmine, one green, and one lychee!"
Iroh says: "I'm brewing as fast as I can!"
