Iroh says: "Look at these magnificent shells!  I'll enjoy these keepsakes for years to come."
Zuko says: "We don't need any more useless things! You forget, we have to carry everything ourselves now!"
Azula says: "Hello, brother. Uncle."
Zuko says: "What are you doing here?"
Azula says: "In my country, we exchange a pleasant hello before asking questions.  Have you become uncivilized so soon, Zuzu?"
Zuko says: "Don't call me that!"
Iroh says: "To what do we owe this honor?"
Azula says: "Hmmm ... must be a family trait. Both of you so quick to get to the point.  I've come with a message from home. Father's changed his mind. Family is suddenly very important to him. He's heard rumors of plans to overthrow him; treacherous plots. Family are the only ones you can really trust.  Father regrets your banishment. He wants you home.  Did you hear me? You should be happy. Excited. Grateful. I just gave you great news."
Iroh says: "I'm sure your brother simply needs a moment."
Azula says: "Don't interrupt, Uncle!  I still haven't heard my thank you.  I'm not a messenger. I didn't have to come all this way."
Zuko says: "Father regrets? He ... wants me back?"
Azula says: "I can see you need time to take this in. I'll come to call on you tomorrow. Good evening."
Katara says: "Can we talk about something?"
Aang says: "Sure."
Katara says: "Do you remember when we were at the air temple and you found Monk Gyatso's skeleton? It must have been so horrible and traumatic for you. I saw you get so upset that you weren't even you anymore.  I'm not saying the Avatar State doesn't have incredible and helpful power ... but you have to understand ... for the people who love you, watching you be in that much rage and pain is really scary."
Aang says: "I'm really glad you told me that. But I still need to do this."
Katara says: "I don't understand."
Aang says: "No, you don't. Every day, more and more people die. I'm already one hundred years late. Defeating the Fire Lord is the only way to stop this war. I have to try it!"
Katara says: "I can't watch you do this to yourself. I'm not coming tomorrow.  Good night."
Aang says: "Good night."
