Female guard says: "Get him off me and arrest him!"
Sokka says: "You're under arrest!  Don't worry, I'll figure it out."
Warden says: "Well, well, well. I never thought I'd find you in here,  Prince Zuko."
Zuko says: "How did you know who I am?"
Warden says: "How could I not? You broke my niece's heart."
Zuko says: "You're Mai's uncle? I never meant to hurt her."
Warden says: "Quiet! You're my special prisoner now. And you'd best behave. If these criminals found out who you are, the traitor prince who let his nation down, why they'd tear you to shreds."
Zuko says: "So what's in it for you? Why don't you just tell my father to come collect a reward?"
Warden says: "Oh, in due time, believe me, I intend to collect."
Sokka says: "Oh, good, you guys have met."
Suki says: "Actually, we met a long time ago."
Zuko says: "We did?"
Suki says: "Yeah, you kind of burned down my village."
Zuko says: "Oh, sorry about that. Nice to see you again."
Sokka says: "So, listen, I think I have an escape plan. I checked out the coolers again, and the point of them is to keep firebenders contained, right?"
Zuko says: "Yeah ..."
Sokka says: "So, they're completely insulated and sealed to keep the cold in. Well, to keep the cold in, it also has to keep the heat out, right?"
Suki says: "Just get to the point, Sokka."
Sokka says: "It's a perfect boat for getting through the boiling water."
Zuko says: "The cooler as a boat? Are you sure?"
Sokka says: "I'm telling you, it'll work.  I walked around the perimeter. There's a blind spot between two guard towers. It's the perfect launching point.  I already tested it out. We'll roll the cooler into the water and just float with the current. It'll take us straight across. As long as we don't make a sound, no one will notice.  And bing-bang-boom, we're home free."
Suki says: "But how are you going to get the cooler out?"
Chit Sang says: "Yeah, how are you going to get the cooler out?"
Sokka says: "What? We didn't ... w-we didn't say that."
Zuko says: "Yeah, you heard wrong."
Chit Sang says: "I heard you hatching an escape plan, and I want in."
Zuko says: "There's nothing to get in on."
Sokka says: "Yeah, the only thing we're hatching is ... an egg?"
Chit Sang says: "Okay, well, I come with you or the warden  hears about this egg, too."
Suki says: "I guess we have no choice."
Sokka says: "Okay, you're in.  Now first we need someone to unbolt the cooler, from the inside."
Chit Sang says: "Oh, I can get you inside."
