Hakoda says: "Don't worry, you'll do great."
Sokka says: "Good morning everyone. Ahh!  Umm ... so, as you know, today, we're invading the Fire Nation! I mean I know you know that because otherwise why else would you be here?  Uh anyway,  the Fire Lord's palace is here . Uh nope, uh wait, uh wait, uh wait, it's here,  and uh, there's an eclipse today and Aang's gonna fight the Fire Lord and the firebenders won't have any fire to use so that's good for us!  And ... um ... I'm sorry let me start at the beginning . Katara and I discovered Aang frozen in an iceberg, now I didn't like Aang at first but grew to love him over time, then we went to the Southern Air Temple where Aang used to live and then we met Suki,  who's a Kyoshi warrior. She dressed me like a woman and then she kissed me, and then Aang's friend was a crazy old king and ..."
Katara says: "Wow, when he says the beginning he means the beginning beginning."
Sokka says: "... And then Katara got Haru arrested and then now he's grown a mustache which if you look at him in the front row you can see it ..."
Hakoda says: "Thank you, Sokka. It's okay why don't you take a break?  Let me just clarify a few points for everyone.  Today, is the day of black sun, and I want to thank you all for your self-sacrifice, and your courage. There are two steps to the invasion, a naval stage, and then a land stage.  To gain sea access to the Fire Nation capital, we need to get past our first major obstacle here,  The Great Gates of Azulon. Next, we hit the land, and we hit hard. We must fight past their battlements and secure the plaza tower. Once we do that, it's up to the Royal Palace. At that point, the eclipse will begin."
The Boulder says: "Excuse me. The Boulder is confused. Isn't the point to invade during the eclipse, when the firebenders are powerless?"
Hakoda says: "The eclipse only lasts eight minutes, not enough time for the whole invasion. And the Royal Palace is heavily guarded by firebenders. So that's where we'll need the eclipse's advantage the most. When this is finished, the Avatar will have defeated the Fire Lord. We will have control of the Fire Nation capital, and this war will be over!"
