Katara says: "So, who are you then?"
Huu says: "I protect the swamp from folks that want to hurt it, like this fella with his big knife."
Sokka says: "See, completely reasonable.  Not a monster, just a regular guy defending his home. Nothing mystical about it."
Huu says: "Oh the swamp is a mystical place all right. It's sacred. I reached enlightenment right here under the banyan-grove tree.  I heard it calling me, just like you did."
Sokka says: "Sure you did. It seems real chatty."
Huu says: "See this whole swamp is actually just one tree spread out over miles. Branches spread and sink, take root, and spread some more. One big, living organism. Just like the entire world."
Aang says: "I get how the tree is one big thing, but the whole world?"
Huu says: "Sure. You think you're any different from me or your friends or this tree? If you listen hard enough, you can hear every living thing breathing together.  You can feel everything growing. We're all living together, even if most folks don't act like it. We all have the same roots and we are all branches of the same tree."
Katara says: "But what did our visions mean?"
Huu says: "In the swamp, we see visions of people we've lost, people we loved, folks we think are gone.  But the swamp tells us they're not. We're still connected to them. Time is an illusion and so is death."
Aang says: "But what about my vision? It was someone I had never met."
Huu says: "You're the Avatar. You tell me."
Aang says: "Time is an illusion. So, it's someone I will meet."
Sokka says: "Sorry to interrupt the lesson, but we still need to find Appa and Momo."
Aang says: "I think I know how to find them.  Everything is connected.  Come on! We've got to hurry!"
Tho says: "Set my lines by the river bed! Caught ten fish and I killed 'em dead! Cut 'em and gut 'em and I tossed the heads in the water to keep them catgators fed."
Aang says: "Appa!"
Due says: "We're under attack!"
Katara says: "Hey, you guys are waterbenders!"
Due says: "You too! That means we're kin!  Hey Huu! How you been?"
Huu says: "You know, scared some folks, swung some vines, the usual."
Sokka says: "Huu?"
