Bato says: "Ice dodging is a ceremonial test of wisdom, bravery, and trust.  In our village, ice dodging was done by weaving a boat through a field of icebergs."
Sokka says: "How are we supposed to ice dodge without ice?"
Bato says: "You'll be dodging those.  Sokka, you steer and call the shots, lead wisely. Katara, you secure the main sail.  The winds can be brutal, so be brave. Aang, you control the jib. Without your steady hand, we all go down. Your position is about trust."
Aang says: "I know that. Why wouldn't I know that?  I'm the Avatar; I know about trust."
Bato says: "For this is to be done right, I cannot help.  You pass or fail on your own."
Sokka says: "Aang, ease up on the jib. Katara, steady.  Aang, less sail. Katara, give him room.  Aang, helm to lee. Helm to lee!"
Aang says: "What does that even mean?"
Sokka says: "Great job!"
Katara says: "There's no way through!"
Sokka says: "We can make it."
Bato says: "Sokka, you've already proven yourself. Maybe we should-"
Sokka says: "Aang, I'm gonna need air in that sail.  Katara, I want you to bend as much water as you can between us and those rocks. Now!"
Bato says: "The spirits of water bear witness to these marks. For Sokka, the Mark of the Wise.  The same mark your father earned. For Katara,  the Mark of the Brave. Your courage inspires us.  And for Aang, the Mark of the Trusted. You are now an honorary member of the Water Tribe."
Aang says: "I can't."
Katara says: "Of course you can!"
Aang says: "No, you can't trust me."
Katara says: "Aang, what are you talking about?"
Aang says: "A messenger gave this to me for Bato.  You have to understand. I was afraid you would-"
Sokka says: "This is the map to our father! You had it the whole time? How could you?  Well, you can go to the North Pole on your own. I'm going to find Dad."
Bato says: "Well, Sokka. I think you should-"
Sokka says: "Katara, are you with me?"
Katara says: "I'm with you Sokka."
Katara says: "Good luck."
Aang says: "Okay. You too."
Aang says: "Guess I should be moving on."
Mother Superior says: "That would be best."
Aang says: "I'm an idiot, Momo."
