Katara says: "Umm, thanks for saving us Jet. We're lucky you were there."
Jet says: "I should be thanking you. We were waiting to ambush those soldiers all morning, we just needed the right distraction, and then you guys stumbled in."
Katara says: "We were relying on instincts."
Jet says: "You'll get yourself killed doing that."
The Duke says: "Hey Jet, these barrels are filled of blasting jelly."
Jet says: "That's a great score."
Pipsqueak says: "And these boxes are filled with jelly candy!"
Jet says: "Also good, let's not get those mixed up."
The Duke says: "We'll take this stuff back to the hideout."
Aang says: "You guys have a hideout?"
Jet says: "You wanna see it?"
Katara says: "Yes, we wanna see it!"
Jet says: "We're here."
Sokka says: "Where? There's nothing here."
Jet says: "Hold this."
Sokka says: "Why? What's this do?"
Jet says: "Aang?"
Aang says: "I'll get up on my own."
Jet says: "Grab hold of me, Katara."
Aang says: "Nice place you got!"
Katara says: "It's beautiful up here!"
Jet says: "It's beautiful ... and more importantly the Fire Nation can't find us."
Smellerbee says: "They would love to find you. Wouldn't they, Jet?"
Jet says: "It's not gonna happen, Smellerbee."
Katara says: "Why does the Fire Nation want to find you?"
Jet says: "I guess you could say I've been causing them a little trouble. See, they took over a nearby Earth Kingdom town a few years back."
Pipsqueak says: "We've been ambushin' their troops, cutting off their supply lines, and doing anything we can to mess with 'em."
Jet says: "One day, we'll drive the Fire Nation out of here for good and free that town."
Katara says: "That's so brave."
Sokka says: "Yeah, nothing's braver than a guy in a tree house."
Katara says: "Don't pay any attention to my brother."
Jet says: "No problem. He probably had a rough day."
Katara says: "So, you all live here?"
Jet says: "That's right. Longshot over there?  His town got burned down by the Fire Nation. And we found The Duke trying to steal our food. I don't think he ever really had a home."
Katara says: "What about you?"
Jet says: "The Fire Nation killed my parents. I was only eight years old. That day changed me forever."
Katara says: "Sokka and I lost our mother to the Fire Nation."
Jet says: "I'm so sorry, Katara."
Jet says: "Today, we struck another blow against the Fire Nation swine.  I got a special joy from the look on one soldier's face, when The Duke dropped down on his helmet and rode him like a wild hog monkey.  Now, the Fire Nation thinks they don't have to worry about a couple of kids hiding in the trees.  Maybe they're right.  Or maybe ... they're dead wrong."
Katara says: "Hey Jet, nice speech."
Jet says: "Thanks. By the way, I was really impressed with you and Aang. That was some great bending I saw out there today."
Katara says: "Well, he's great. He's the Avatar.  I could use some more training."
Jet says: "Avatar huh? Very nice."
Aang says: "Thanks Jet."
Jet says: "So I might know a way that you and Aang can help in our struggle."
Sokka says: "Unfortunately, we have to leave tonight."
Jet says: "Sokka, you're kidding me! I needed you on an important mission tomorrow."
Sokka says: "What mission?"
