Li says: "Your Princess Azula, clever and beautiful, disguised herself as the enemy and entered the Earth Kingdom's Capital. In Ba Sing Se, she found her brother Zuko, and together they faced the Avatar ..."
Li and Lo says: "And the Avatar fell! And the Earth Kingdom fell!"
Li says: "Azula's agents quickly overtook the entire city. They went to Ba Sing Se's great walls ..."
Li and Lo says: "And brought them down!"
Li says: "The armies of the Fire Nation surged through the walls and swarmed over Ba Sing Se, securing our victory."
Li and Lo says: "Now the heroes have returned home!"
Lo says: "Your princess, Azula ..."
Li says: "And after three long years, your prince has returned ..."
Li and Lo says: "Zuko!"
Sokka says: "After what happened at Ba Sing Se, we had to get you to safety. We flew back to Chameleon Bay where we found my father and the other Water Tribe men.  The Earth King decided he wanted to travel the world in disguise, so he set off alone.  Well, not completely alone.  Soon, the bay was overrun by Fire Nation ships. Rather than fight them all, we captured a single ship and made it our disguise. Since then we've been traveling west. We crossed through the Serpent's Pass a few days ago. We've seen a few Fire Nation ships, but none have bothered us."
Aang says: "So what now?"
Hakoda says: "We've been working on a modified version of the invasion plan."
Katara says: "It's Sokka's invasion plan."
Hakoda says: "Yes, Sokka's plan. We won't be able to mount a massive invasion without the Earth King's armies, but the solar eclipse will still leave the Fire Nation vulnerable."
Sokka says: "So we're planning a smaller invasion. Just a ragtag team of our friends and allies from around the Earth Kingdom. We already ran into Pipsqueak and The Duke."
Pipsqueak says: "Good to see you again, Aang!"
Sokka says: "And the best part is, the eclipse isn't even our biggest advantage!  We have a secret...  You!"
Aang says: "Me?"
Sokka says: "Yep, the whole world thinks you're dead! Isn't that great?"
Aang says: "The world thinks I'm dead? How is that good news? That's terrible!"
Sokka says: "No, it's great! It means the Fire Nation won't be hunting us anymore! And even better, they won't be expecting you on the Day of Black Sun!"
Aang says: "No, no, no, no, no. You have no idea. This is so messed up!"
Aang says: "I'll handle this. The Avatar is back."
Katara says: "Aang, wait! Remember, they don't know we're not Fire Nation!"
Hakoda says: "Everyone just stay calm.  Bato and I will take care of this."
Aang says: "I hate not being able to do anything."
Toph says: "Hopefully, you won't need to."
Fire Navy officer says: "Commander, why are you off course? All Western Fleet ships are supposed to be moving toward Ba Sing Se to support the occupation!"
Hakoda says: "Actually, we're from the Eastern Fleet. We have orders to deliver some cargo."
Fire Navy officer says: "Ahhh ... Eastern Fleet. Well, nice of Admiral Chan to let us know he was sending one of his ships our way."
Bato says: "I'm sure Admiral Chan meant no disrespect, sir."
Fire Navy officer says: "I mean, how hard is it to write a quick note and send a hawk our way?"
Hakoda says: "Next time, we'll send  two hawks to make sure you get the message."
Guard says: "Sir ... Admiral Chan has been on leave for two months at Ember Island."
Fire Navy officer says: "What? Why doesn't anyone ever tell me anything? Something's not right; they should have known that. I think this is a captured ship.  Just stay quiet until we're safely across the ramp. Then we'll sink this ship."
Toph says: "They know!"
Azula says: "You seem so downcast. Has Mai gotten to you already? Though actually, Mai has been in a strangely good mood lately."
Zuko says: "I haven't seen Dad yet. I haven't seen him in three years, since I was banished."
Azula says: "So what?"
Zuko says: "So, I didn't capture the Avatar."
Azula says: "Who cares? The Avatar is dead ...  unless you think he somehow miraculously survived."
Katara says: "This is water from the spirit oasis at the north pole. It has special properties so I've been saving it for something important."
Zuko says: "No. There's no way he could have survived."
Azula says: "Well, then I'm sure you have nothing to worry about."
Toph says: "Load the Toph!"
Katara says: "I'm gonna give us some cover!"
