Zuko says: "Expecting someone else?"
Sokka says: "Now that's something different."
Long Feng says: "You have made yourselves enemies of the state. Take them into custody."
Aang says: "Long Feng is escaping!"
Long Feng says: "All right, Avatar, you've caused me enough problems. This is your last chance ... if you want your bison back."
Aang says: "You do have Appa! Tell me where he is!"
Long Feng says: "Agree to exit the city now, and I'll waive all charges against you and allow you to leave with your lost pet."
Jet says: "You're in no position to bargain."
Long Feng says: "Am I not?"
Aang says: "You're definitely not!"
Long Feng says: "Jet, the Earth King has invited you to Lake Laogai."
Jet says: "I am honored to accept his invitation."
Zuko says: "You're mine now."
Zuko says: "Uncle?"
Iroh says: "So, the Blue Spirit. I wonder who could be behind that mask ..."
Zuko says: "What are you doing here?"
Iroh says: "I was just about to ask you the same thing. What do you plan to do now that you've found the Avatar's bison? Keep him locked in our new apartment? Should I go put on a pot of tea for him?"
Zuko says: "First I have to get it out of here."
Iroh says: "And then what!? You never think these things through!  This is exactly what happened when you captured the Avatar at the North Pole! You had him, and then you had nowhere to go!"
Zuko says: "I would have figured something out!"
Iroh says: "No! If his friends hadn't found you, you would have frozen to death!"
Zuko says: "I know my own destiny, Uncle!"
Iroh says: "Is it your own destiny, or is it a destiny someone else has tried to force on you?"
Zuko says: "Stop it, Uncle! I have to do this!"
Iroh says: "I'm begging you, Prince Zuko! It's time for you to look inward and begin asking yourself the big questions. Who are you, and what do you want?"
Aang says: "Jet, it's me, Aang!  You don't have to do this!"
Long Feng says: "I'm afraid he no longer has a choice."
Aang says: "Jet, I'm your friend! Look inside your heart!"
Long Feng says: "Do your duty, Jet!"
Aang says: "He can't make you do this!  You're a Freedom Fighter!"
Long Feng says: "Do it! Do it now!"
Long Feng says: "Foolish boy. You've chosen your own demise."
Jet says: "I'm sorry ... Aang."
Aang says: "Don't be."
Katara says: "This isn't good."
Smellerbee says: "You guys go and find Appa. We'll take care of Jet."
Katara says: "We're not going to leave you."
Longshot says: "There's no time. Just go. We'll take care of him. He's our leader."
Jet says: "Don't worry, Katara. I'll be fine."
Toph says: "He's lying ..."
