Mako says: "Morning, Narook. My brother here?  Thanks.  Come on. Wake up. Taking you home, bro."
Bolin says: "Don't call me that. You're not my brother! You're a brother betrayer!  The only one I can trust anymore is Pabu! Pabu loves me."
Mako says: "You're a mess, and we've got the biggest match of our lives tonight. Let's go."
Bolin says: "No! I'm not going anywhere with you, you traitor!"
Mako says: "Guess we'll have to do this the hard way."
Bolin says: "Why?"
Mako says: "Told you dating a teammate was a bad idea."
Bolin says: "You're a bad idea! Put me down! Put me down!"
Shiro Shinobi says: "You can't find two teams more evenly matched in age, size, and strength than the Fire Ferrets and the Buzzard Wasps. Believe me, I've looked! This should be a pulse-pounding semifinal, folks!  The Buzzard Wasps open with a flawlessly executed combo. All three Ferrets take an early visit to zone two. And Mako is knocked all the way back into zone three! The Fire Ferrets have been struggling to stay alive since the opening bell. All three players are totally out of sync tonight.  Ooh, that has got to sting!  And Bolin loses his noodles! Literally.  Which reminds me, this match is brought to you by our sponsor, Flameo Instant Noodles! Noodliest noodles in the United Republic.  The Buzzard Wasps fly deeper into Ferret territory. And Mako plunges into the pool! Can the Fire Ferrets hold on? The Wasps have the Ferrets backed up to the edge now ... and the Ferrets are bailed out by the bell! They had better pull themselves together for round two, otherwise they can kiss the finals goodbye."
Bolin says: "Hey! Watch it!"
Shiro Shinobi says: "The Wasps take advantage of Mako's unforced error and Bolin is in the pool!  Ooh, and a blatant hold by the Avatar!"
Referee says: "Unnecessary roughness! Move back one zone!"
Korra says: "I'll unnecessarily rough you up!"
Shiro Shinobi says: "And the Avatar is slapped with the yellow fan. The Ferrets are their own worst enemy right now. It's just sad to watch. With the Buzzard Wasps leading two rounds to zilch, the Ferrets' only hope of winning is with a knockout."
Mako says: "Well, I guess there's always next year."
Korra says: "Come on! We still have a chance, even if it is a slim one!"
Bolin says: "The way we're playing, we don't even deserve to be in the finals."
Korra says: "Look, if we don't pull together and work as a team, we'll never forgive ourselves."
Mako says: "Let's just get this over with."
Bolin says: "The sooner, the better."
Shiro Shinobi says: "Bolin's knocked into zone two, followed quickly by his brother!  And Bolin takes a zinger to the shoulder! Looks like it's a clean hit."
Bolin says: "Owww!"
Mako says: "Bolin!"
Shiro Shinobi says: "Mako's in the drink and out of the match. And Bolin keeps playing with one good arm! I gotta hand it to him, this kid's got grit! But how long can he keep it up?  Apparently, not very long. The Ferrets' dream of making it to the finals now rests in the Avatar's hands. But with three on one, I don't like her odds."
