Meelo says: "While you try to pull yourself together, Poki and I are gonna go into town and find out if anyone has seen Korra."
Ikki says: "Sounds like a good plan to me!"
Meelo says: "Enough chit-chat, you can hold the picture of Korra I drew."
Ikki says: "Wow, I didn't know you could draw!"
Meelo says: "You don't know a lot of things about me, sister.  Let's roll!"
Meelo says: "Have you seen this woman?"
Old lady says: "Well, aren't you an adorable little thing."
Meelo says: "I'm not adorable! I'm dangerous."
Old lady says: "Dangerously cute with those cheeks."
Ikki says: "Aww."
Meelo says: "This. Never. Happened. Let's split."
Man #1 says: "The Avatar? We still have one of those? Haven't seen her, kid. Sorry."
Ikki says: "Man ..."
Meelo says: "Can I trust you?"
Tuyen says: "I guess so."
Meelo says: "I'm on a top secret mission to find the Avatar.  Have you seen her?"
Tuyen says: "I haven't, sorry. Top secret mission, huh?"
Meelo says: "Yeah, it's been pretty dangerous. I've seen some things."
Tuyen says: "Really? What kind of things?"
Meelo says: "Craaazy things."
Tuyen says: "Cool."
Meelo says: "I'm Meelo. What should I call you, other than "beautiful"?"
Tuyen says: "I'm Tuyen. Nice to meet you."
Ikki says: "Ooh!  Meelo's got a girlfriend!"
Meelo says: "Go away, Ikki!"
Ikki says: "Jinora's been looking for you. We're moving on."
Tuyen says: "Looks like you got to get back to your mission.  Good luck."
Meelo says: "Thanks a lot, Ikki. You drove away the love of my life."
Meelo says: "Jinora! Ikki! It's Korra!"
Ikki says: "Where?! Where?! Where?!"
Jinora says: "It's just a photo of Korra."
Meelo says: "At least it's something."
Fishmonger says: "Pretty neat, huh? She came by here, about uh, six months ago."
Meelo says: "Looks like someone just strummed up a good-old-fashioned lead.  Then where did she go?"
Fish monger says: "Oh, I don't know. But she wasn't looking too good."
Meelo says: "Ikki, this is all your fault."
Ikki says: "What? I didn't do anything."
Meelo says: "Exactly!  You need to start pulling your weight!  That goes for you too, so-called leader!"
Ikki says: "Remember when he used to be so nice and sweet?"
Jinora says: "No."
Korra says: "So ... what's the plan for today?"
Toph says: "You're looking at it."
Korra says: "We didn't do anything yesterday, or the day before that.  I know! Tell me the story of how you taught Aang how to earthbend."
Toph says: "What's there to tell? I threw some rocks at the Avatar, he got all whiny and Sokka fell in a hole."
Korra says: "I thought there'd be more to it than that.  What about the time you took down the Fire Lord? That must have been epic!"
Toph says: "Oh yeah. It was hot. I was on a blimp. And I think a giant turtle showed up. Wow. What a day."
Korra says: "Okay, you're terrible at telling stories."
Toph says: "You're terrible at listening to them!"
Toph says: "Quit making all that racket! If you're so anxious to do something, why don't you collect some mushrooms for dinner?"
Korra says: "You got it."
Toph says: "Take the path until you see the boulder with the hole in it. Then go to your left. Oh, and make sure you get the big, slimy ones!  They're the tastiest!"
Ikki says: "Hey, where's all the food Mom gave us?"
Meelo says: "I threw it in the river."
Ikki says: "You did what?! That food was supposed to last us two weeks!"
Jinora says: "Hey, keep it down! I'm trying to meditate."
Meelo says: "Yeah, keep it down, Ikki."
Ikki says: "Meelo threw away all our food!"
Meelo says: "From now on, we hunt for our meals."
Ikki says: "Meelo, we're vegetarians. We don't hunt!"
Meelo says: "Enough whining. Poki and I will go find some grub."
Ikki says: "My name is Meelo. I like to throw away food and fart at inappropriate moments.  I'm Jinora. I'm above it all because I'm meditating all the time.  Oh, I'm sorry, I didn't see you there."
Ikki says: "Wait! You dropped your breakfast!"
Ikki says: "Hey!  Does this mean we're friends?"
Outpost soldier #1 says: "You're trespassing! Hold it right there."
Outpost soldier #1 says: "All right, little airbender. Tell us what you're doing in the Earth Empire. Are you spying?"
Ikki says: "No! I swear I'm not a spy. I've been traveling with my brother and sister. It's our first big mission and my dad, Tenzin, is counting on us. But if we don't find the Avatar, he's gonna be really disappointed."
Outpost soldier #1 says: "Can I talk to you for a second?  This girl is Tenzin's kid and she's looking for the Avatar.  Do you know what that means?"
Outpost soldier #2 says: "No, but try this macaroon!"
Outpost soldier #1 says: "Get that out of my face! Look, if we capture these three airbender kids and bring them to Kuvira,  I bet we get a big-time promotion."
Outpost soldier #2 says: "You mean we get out of this dump?"
Outpost soldier #1 says: "Sorry, little lady, it looks like we got off on the wrong foot. So, you're out here with your brother and sister, where's your campsite?"
Ikki says: "Why do you want to know?"
Outpost soldier #2 says: "We just want to get the family back together again. Maybe we can sit everybody down and have a nice plate of macaroons."
Ikki says: "Where did you get those?"
Outpost soldier #2 says: "I found a whole sack of food down by the river! And with each delicious snack, comes a lovely hand-written note.  This one says: "You're my handsome little man." That is so touching!"
Ikki says: "My mom wrote those notes! That's our sack of food!"
Outpost soldier #1 says: "Enough with the cute notes! Where are your brother and sister?"
Ikki says: "Who cares ... I don't want to see them. I'd rather hang out here with you guys. Hit me with one of those macaroons."
Jinora says: "Are you okay?"
Meelo says: "Yep, totally fine!  I hope you're hungry, because we found some ...  We found some berries!"
