Captain says: "Mayday! Mayday! The Avatar has escaped. We're going down in quadrant four of the Si Wong Desert."
Asami says: "I think you might have been a little over-aggressive with the airbending. The controls are busted.  Also, you broke the radio."
Korra says: "Sorry, but it's not my fault this airship's a hunk of junk."
Asami says: "Hang on to something!"
Asami says: "Well. They say any landing you could walk away from is a good landing.  But, given our location, I'm not so sure about that."
Korra says: "You're the engineer. What do you think? Can we get flying again?"
Asami says: "It doesn't look good. Even if you metalbend the propellers back into shape, we have to dig this whole thing out of the sand."
Korra says: "Is everyone all right?"
Arik says: "Like you care."
Kong says: "What the heck happened?"
Arik says: "She said her friend needed help, then they knocked me out!"
Korra says: "I'm sorry. But I couldn't let you take me to the Earth Queen as a captive. There are dangerous forces at work that you don't know anything about."
Kong says: "More dangerous than being stranded in the desert?"
Captain says: "Don't worry, Kong. I've radioed Ba Sing Se before we went down. We just need to sit tight. Somebody will be here to rescue us."
Korra says: "I'm not waiting around for that. We need to get out of here now."
Asami says: "If we all work together, we might be able to get the ship up and running."
Kong says: "Not likely. I just tunneled out the engine room. It's like a sandbox in there."
Captain says: "This ship isn't going anywhere. And neither are you. You're prisoners and it's our duty to transport you to the Earth Queen."
Korra says: "You realize that I'm the Avatar, right?  You don't want to fight me."
Captain says: "I'm afraid you aren't giving us much of a choice. We have our orders."
Asami says: "Wait, did that sand dune just move?"
Captain says: "It was probably just a mirage. The desert will play tricks on you."
Asami says: "That's no mirage. Look."
Kong says: "I heard that since all the spirits came back, this desert has been haunted by them."
Korra says: "Oh right, so I guess that's my fault too. Do you want to help us get this ship up and running, or do you want to wait around and meet that thing?"
Kong says: "We want to fix the ship. Right, Cap?"
Captain says: "Let's get to work."
Korra says: "Everybody stand back."
