Chef says: "Tonight, for your dining pleasure, I present a seared wild Kyoshi elephant koi, paired with a ginger-infused pea tendril and hibiscus root salad."
Suyin says: "Stunning."
Baatar says: "Sorry, dear, I'm going to have to take dinner to my office. I just had a major breakthrough on the tram station remodel."
Suyin says: "Well, don't let me stand away an inspiration."
Baatar says: "You're the best!"
Suyin says: "That was my brilliant architect of a husband, Baatar, and our oldest son. He engineers all my husband's projects."
Lin says: "Five kids. What a nightmare."
Suyin says: "No, no. My children are a blessing."
Lin says: "Yeah, mom used to say that too, but she never meant it."
Bolin says: "Mmmm. I have to admit, I was pretty skeptical when he said "pea tendrils",  but this is delicious."
Opal says: "I know, right. I don't think I've ever had a bad meal in my life."
Bolin says: "Oh. I had plenty when Mako and I were living in the streets.  I mean, you'd be surprised how bad food from a dumpster can be."
Opal says: "I'm sorry. I didn't know."
Bolin says: "No, no, it's okay, that's all in the past. Things are great now. I got to be a pro-bender, fought against a dangerous revolution, became a mover star, and now, I'm helping the Avatar rebuild a whole nation."
Opal says: "Wow. Your life sounds so exciting."
Suyin says: "How's your search for the new airbenders going?"
Korra says: "Honestly, not great. We had to rescue a whole group of them from the Earth Queen."
Suyin says: "Oh, she's horrible. She thinks she can just do whatever she wants."
Lin says: "Sounds familiar."
Suyin says: "What?"
Lin says: "Nothing."
Suyin says: "I mean, the idea of even having a queen is so outdated. Don't you agree, Korra?"
Korra says: "I ... I haven't really thought about it too much."
Suyin says: "Well, you should start. The world is evolving and the Earth Queen can evolve with it or step aside."
Lin says: "Hey, everyone. My little sister is an expert on world affairs now."
Suyin says: "You want to talk about what's really bugging you? Because I'm right here!"
Varrick says: "Sorry we're late, everyone."
Bolin says: "Varrick!"
Asami says: "What are you doing here?"
Varrick says: "Great question, Asami. I mean, what are any of us doing here? Wow, food for thought. Any who, how's our company doing?"
Asami says: "You mean my company. Future Industries reverted back to me after you plotted to abduct the President."
Varrick says: "Allegedly plotted to abduct the President. Never convicted."
Mako says: "Uh, that's because you escaped prison."
Varrick says: "No, the universe decided to set me free. So, I looked up my old friend Suyin here, pitched her a few ideas,  and bam! We're in business together."
Suyin says: "Varrick's heading up my new technology division."
Varrick says: "I've seen the future, and the future is, magnets! I'm working on a high speed rail that would revolutionize transportation and shipping as we know it. But that's not all, I'm-"
Lin says: "All right, enough!  I'm trying to keep the Avatar safe and you're harboring a criminal?"
Suyin says: "Ease out, Lin. Sure Varrick's made a few mistakes in his past, but that doesn't mean he should pay for it for the rest of his life. My chef was a pirate, but now he's a culinary master. People change."
Lin says: "You haven't."
Korra says: "Lin!"
Mako says: "So, you and Opal seemed to hit it off dinner. I think she's really into you."
Bolin says: "Yeah, I know. She's sweet and pretty and super nice. Too bad she's not my type."
Mako says: "Right, I forgot. Your type is dumb mover star or psycho ice princess."
Bolin says: "You know, that really hurts a little bit. Right ...  here.  Maybe you're right, bro. Maybe Opal is Bolin material. Thanks.  Yeah!"
