Soldier #1 says: "Are you sure?"
Soldier #2 says: "Check the engine room."
Raiko says: "What's going on? Is everything all right?"
Soldier #3 says: "Just a minute, sir.  I'm telling you, I looked everywhere."
Lin says: "All right, enough whispering!"
Raiko says: "I'm ready to discuss the terms of the surrender with Baatar Jr. Where is he?"
Soldier #3 says: "Uh ... I'm not really sure."
Suyin says: "Baatar --"
Baatar Jr. says: "If you think I'm going to spill all my secrets to you, Mother, you're sadly mistaken."
Suyin says: "Why are you doing this? I know you set out to help better the world, but this is madness!"
Baatar Jr. says: "It's madness to let others take what's yours and accept it blindly! The United Republic belongs to us, and we're taking it back."
Suyin says: "But at what cost? How many people have to lose their lives before Kuvira is satisfied?"
Baatar Jr. says: "It doesn't have to cost any lives if you would all just surrender! All that Kuvira and I want is a united Earth Empire!"
Suyin says: "I don't know what I did to hurt you, but whatever it was, I'm sorry. When you left Zaofu, it broke my heart --  -- and our family has never been the same since. Please, Baatar -- stop all this and come home.  We want you back with us."
Baatar Jr. says: "Kuvira is my family now."
Korra says: "We've been going about his all wrong.  You're right. I'm not gonna physically hurt you if you don't talk. But there is something I could do that will be even more painful.  I will take away the one thing you care for the most ... Kuvira."
Baatar Jr. says: "What do you mean?"
Korra says: "Kuvira might win. She might chase us out of the city. But you won't be around to enjoy the victory. Because wherever I run, I'll take you. I am going to make it my life's mission to never let you see the one you love again.  Is taking the city worth losing Kuvira forever?"
Baatar Jr. says: "No! You can't!"
Korra says: "I will ... unless you convince Kuvira to back off. You two will still have the Earth Empire. Just leave the United Republic alone."
