Asami says: "Is it true?"
Mako says: "I'm so sorry. Your entire shipment was stolen."
Asami says: "Without that sale, I don't know how much longer I can keep my company going. What am I gonna do?"
Mako says: "Don't worry. I'm gonna find whoever's responsible. Chief Beifong is about to question the captain of the ship."
Lin says: "I know it's been a long day, but walk me through what happened."
Captain says: "We were ambushed about thirty klicks outside the harbor. We never heard them coming."
Lin says: "This is the third attack this week at about the same location."
Lu says: "Yep, and smack-dab in Republic City's jurisdiction, which means another problem for us.  All this stress is gonna turn old black beauty gray."
Gang says: "It's gotta be Northern Water Tribe. They're trying to stop supply lines to the South."
Lin says: "I agree. Is there anything else about the attack you remember? Anything unusual?"
Captain says: "There is one thing. The bombs exploded in a way I've never seen before. They didn't have fuses.  It was like they were being detonated remotely."
Mako says: "Like the bombs at the cultural center."
Asami says: "Wait, where are you going?"
Mako says: "I gotta grab some evidence."
Varrick says: "Asami, I heard the news. I can't believe they took my fifth favorite ship in the Varrick Industries fleet! Named her after my mom. Rest in piece, Rocky Bottom."
Asami says: "Without the money from that shipment, Future Industries is almost broke."
Mako says: "Chief, I think there's a link between this attack and the attack at the cultural center."
Lin says: "What do you think you're doing?"
Mako says: "Solving this case. Did any of the people who attacked you have one of these in their hand? I think it's a remote detonator."
Captain says: "It was too dark to see anything."
Lin says: "Mako!"
Mako says: "Chief, I don't think the people who attacked were Northern Water Tribe."
Gang says: "Of course they were Northern Water Tribe. They were waterbending."
Mako says: "Was this one of the guys who attacked?"
Captain says: "No, I don't recognize him."
Gang says: "Oh, that's embarrassing."
Lu says: "Nice try, Rookie."
Lin says: "Mako, leave.  Now."
Varrick says: "Great work, everybody. Another open and shut case for the dynamic mustachioed duo!"
Asami says: "Wait, I think Mako might be onto something."
Mako says: "Chief, I know it's a long shot, but I have an idea how we can catch these guys."
Lu says: "Yeah, let's all listen to the rookie."
Asami says: "He's doing a better job than you!"
Varrick says: "Whooooo's hungry?"
Lin says: "Enough! I don't want to hear your lame-brained rookie ideas. You're a beat cop, not a detective. Now hit the street and do your job!"
