Captain says: "Varrick is not gonna be happy about this."
Eska says: "Where is he?"
Desna says: "Father said he would meet us at this location. He'll be here.  Were you just in the Spirit World?"
Unalaq says: "Never mind that. Where is the Avatar?"
Eska says: "She was within our grasp until a dark spirit attacked her."
Desna says: "They're out of control."
Unalaq says: "You didn't get her?"
Eska says: "The Avatar is dead."
Nuktuk says: "We finally made it. Now, we must stop the evil Unalaq!"
Evil Unalaq says: "The Southern Water Tribe is mine. Next, I will conquer the world with my waterbending doomsday device!"
Nuktuk says: "Don't worry, Juji and Roh-Tan, I will end the evil Unalaq's reign of terror. For I am Nuktuk, hero of the South!"
Juji says: "Nuktuk, you're not just the hero of the South, you're our best friend."
Roh-Tan says: "Nuktuk-ity!"
Nuktuk says: "You two are the best snow raccoon and arctic panda a guy could ask for."
Crowd says: "Aww!"
Voice narrator says: "Who's gonna fight for friends and freedom? Nuktuk.  He's the biggest, baddest, bendingest man I know.  Who protects the icy tundra? Nuktuk.  Battling Northies out there in the snow.  When Unalaq starts trouble, he'll punch him in the mouth.  He's Nuktuk, the hero of the South."
Varrick says: "Bolin, look up there. What do you see?"
Bolin says: "I- is this a trick question?"
Varrick says: "I'll tell you what I see: a star being born. You're a star. People love stars. Stars tell them what to think and how to act. Bolin, have you ever tried to force a monkey marmot to ride a bicycle?"
Bolin says: "Uh ... not that I can recall."
Varrick says: "Of course you haven't. You can't force monkey marmots to do anything. They've got to want to do it themselves!"
Bolin says: "Right ..."
Varrick says: "With these movers, we'll have the support of the people, and before long, they'll persuade the President to lend his troops to the war effort."
Evil Unalaq says: "My evil plan is working. I've captured Nuktuk's beautiful girlfriend."
Nuktuk says: "Not so fast, Evil Unalaq! Oh, I will save my true love and the South!  And now, your time is up."
Evil Unalaq says: "It's no use fighting, Nuktuk. My anti-energy net makes bending impossible."
Nuktuk says: "No! Please. Power ... weakening."
Ron-Tah says: "Nuk-terrible."
Voice narrator says: "Will this be the end of Nuktuk? Can he escape from Unalaq's trap and save the beautiful Ginger? Find out next week on The Adventures of Nuktuk: Hero of the South."
Bolin says: "Wow. We got some major chemistry on-screen. Am I right?"
Ginger says: "Yeah. On-screen."
Bolin says: "What's wrong? Are you mad because I left you in the clutches of the evil Unalaq? I'm gonna save you in the next episode.  Ginger, let's work through this."
Zhu Li says: "Varrick, another one of your ships has been captured."
Varrick says: "Darn it, Zhu Li, haven't I told you I hate getting bad news without first getting good news?"
Zhu Li says: "Oh, well, the good news is it looks like your first mover has gotten a great reception."
Varrick says: "That's old news! Let's go."
