Bumi says: "Ugh, I can't figure this thing out."
Korra says: "Do you think being in the Spirit World during Harmonic Convergence could have given him bending?"
Tenzin says: "I suppose it's possible."
Ikki says: "Maybe Uncle Bumi is just a late bloomer."
Kya says: "I have been noticing a change in your aura lately."
Bumi says: "And you didn't tell me?"
Lin says: "Invisible spirit monster attack?"
Tenzin says: "Lin, you won't believe this. Bumi just started airbending."
Lin says: "I'm afraid he's not the only one."
Tenzin and Korra says: "What?"
Mako says: "I got a call last night. About a guy who just started airbending out of nowhere."
Tenzin says: "You mean there's another one? Where is he now?"
Mako says: "He ... blew a door down on me and got away. We got an all-points bulletin out on him right now."
Korra says: "Wait, we'll help you look for him. Where should we start?"
Mako says: "Oh, well, y'know, you should leave it with the police. It's ... police business. Y'know. It's um ... official."
Korra says: "Okay.  How are you doing? You know, you're welcome to stay here instead of sleeping at the police station."
Mako says: "No, I'm fine. I should just, get going. So, as you were  ladies."
Korra says: "This is so exciting! New airbenders in the city. I bet we can find that guy before Mako does.  You know I'm not very good at this."
Asami says: "You're the Avatar, master of all the elements. You should know how to drive.  Besides, it's relaxing.  Clutch! Clutch!  That's the brake. Let's try again. You ready?"
Korra says: "How long do you think talking to Mako is gonna be like pulling teeth?"
Asami says: "Well, Mako has never been the most ... "in touch with his feelings" guy,  but it'll get better eventually."
Korra says: "So, when I was gone, did he tell you that we broke up?"
Asami says: "Yeah ... we all knew. Sorry."
Korra says: "That's pretty embarrassing."
Asami says: "Actually, I need to tell you something about that,  and I should have told you this sooner, but ... while you were gone ... I ... kind of ... kissed him. I'm sorry."
Korra says: "No wonder he's so nervous around us!"
Asami says: "You're not mad?"
Korra says: "No! I mean, I kissed Mako when he was going out with you, so ..."
Asami says: "You what?"
Korra says: "I'm so sorry! I thought you knew!"
Asami says: "I'm just kidding. I knew a long time ago."
Korra says: "Well, whatever happened with Mako, I'm glad it hasn't come between us. I've never had a girlfriend to hang out with and talk to before, except for Naga. This is nice."
Asami says: "Vine! Vine!"
Fruithog Spirit says: "Hey! Watch where you're going!"
Korra says: "What are you doing living in the middle of the road in the first place?!"
Fruithog Spirit says: "Don't ask me, Avatar! You made the world this way; we're just living in it!"
Korra says: "Look, I don't have anything against spirits, but these vines are causing major problems all over the city!"
Fruithog Spirit says: "Spirits, vines. We're all the same. Seems like the Avatar would know that."
Asami says: "Korra, you okay?"
Korra says: "I think that spirit just gave me an idea how to get rid of these vines ...  But I'm gonna need a lot of water."
