Bumi says: "Bum-Ju, you're okay.  I missed you, little buddy."
Tenzin says: "Now that you're bonded with Raava once again, are you also reconnected with your past lives?"
Korra says: "No. I think that link is gone, forever."
Tenzin says: "I see. Why don't you close the portals, and we'll go home."
Korra says: "Maybe I shouldn't."
Tenzin says: "What do you mean?"
Korra says: "What if Unalaq was right when he said the Avatar shouldn't be a bridge between the two worlds?  What if Avatar Wan made a mistake when he closed the portals?  What if humans and spirits weren't meant to live apart?  Well, what do you think I should do?"
Tenzin says: "I think you should trust your instincts. There is nothing else I can teach you. You are the Avatar. Whatever your decision, I support you."
Mako says: "Hey, can we talk?"
Korra says: "Of course."
Mako says: "There's something I've been wanting to tell you about that fight we had. I know I said it wasn't that bad, but, that's not exactly true. I, um ... I-I broke up with you."
Korra says: "I remember."
Mako says: "But, I thought you said you lost part of your memory."
Korra says: "I did, but being inside the Tree of Time brought it back. I'm sorry for blowing up at you."
Mako says: "That's okay.  I think we've both said things that we regret."
Korra says: "Why didn't you just tell me the truth in the first place?"
Mako says: "I know I should have, but ... I didn't wanna hurt you all over again. I guess part of me wanted to forget about the break-up too."
Korra says: "I think we both know that this. Us? Doesn't work."
Mako says: "You're right."
Korra says: "It's over.  For real this time."
Mako says: "I'll always love you, Korra."
Korra says: "And I'll always love you."
Bolin says: "You want a hug?"
Korra says: "The war of the Water Tribes is over. Unalaq has been defeated, and the Northern fleet is returning home. The Water Tribes will always be allies, but the Southern Tribe is now independent,  and the Southern Council of Elders has appointed my father, Tonraq, to be your new chief!  I've realized that even though we should learn from those who came before us, we must also forge our own path. So that is why I've decided to keep the portals open. Humans can now physically enter the Spirit World, and spirits will be free to roam our world. I will no longer be the bridge. Humans and spirits must learn to live together. My mission will always be to use Raava's light spirit to guide the world toward peace and balance. Harmonic Convergence has caused a shift in the planet's energy. I can feel it. Things will never be the same again. We're entering a New Age."
