Tenzin says: "I spoke to President Raiko.  Tomorrow, he's announcing a plan to expand the city, rather than rebuild downtown."
Korra says: "I bet Aang never could have imagined there'd be a spirit portal right in the heart of Republic City."
Tenzin says: "Korra, you've transformed the world more in a few years than most Avatars did during their lifetimes."
Korra says: "But I feel like I've only just begun.  There's so much more I want to learn and do."
Tenzin says: "You don't know how happy I am to hear you so full of hope again."
Korra says: "It's been a bit of a bumpy ride, huh?"
Tenzin says: "I've come to realize life is one, big, bumpy ride."
Korra says: "I know I was in a pretty dark place after I was poisoned. But I finally understand why I had to go through all that. I needed to understand what true suffering was so I could be more compassionate to others, even to people like Kuvira."
Asami says: "Excuse me Tenzin, Varrick is looking for you. Something about wanting to borrow a glidersuit to fly off the tower?"
Tenzin says: "That doesn't seem like a good idea!"
Korra says: "Wanna sit with me for a minute? I'm not ready to get back to the party just yet.  I don't think I ever really apologized."
Asami says: "For what?"
Korra says: "For being gone all that time. For not coming back sooner."
Asami says: "You don't need to apologize for anything.  I'm just so happy you're here now.  I don't think I could have handled losing you and my father in the same day."
Korra says: "I am so sorry for what happened."
Asami says: "Thank you. I'm just glad I was able to forgive him."
Korra says: "So, what now? Back to the dance floor?"
Asami says: "I'm kind of all danced out. Honestly, after everything that's happened the past few months, I could use a vacation."
Korra says: "Let's do it! Let's go on a vacation, just the two of us. Anywhere you want."
Asami says: "Really? Okay ... I've always wanted to see what the Spirit World's like."
Korra says: "Sounds perfect."
Main Asami Sato Bolin Korra Lin Beifong Mako Suyin Beifong Antagonists Kuvira Military of the Earth Empire says: "Minor Baatar Buttercup Raiko Council page Ginger Huan Ikki Jinora Lu and Gang Meelo Ming Naga Opal Beifong Pabu Pema Raiko Rohan Senna Shaozu Tahno Tenzin Tonraq Varrick Wei and Wing Wu Zhu Li"
Shiro Shinobi says: "The Avatar has been abducted! After Tarrlok arrested her friends, Korra confronted the councilman in his chambers. But the heated argument quickly turned into an all-out bending battle! Desperate to save himself, Tarrlok revealed his ability to bloodbend and took Korra far from Republic City. Will the Avatar's friends find her before it's too late?"
Korra says: "What are you doing?  Tarrlok!  You can't keep me in here forever!"
Meelo says: "Who is this? It's six in the morning! This better be important!"
Tenzin says: "Councilman Tenzin here.  What?!"
