Eska says: "I will hate to leave this quaint tribe."
Desna says: "Is that true, Eska?"
Eska says: "Of course not, Desna, I will not miss it at all. I hold immense dislike for the South.  Bolin, laugh at my humorous quip!"
Bolin says: "Yes, dear.  So-so funny."
Bolin says: "You know, I'll be really sad when you have to leave. It's been really great getting to know you.  Really."
Eska says: "But you will be coming with me to the North. There we will live the rest of our lives together in icy bliss.  Foolish Bolin."
Bolin says: "Mako! I'm so happy to see you!"
Mako says: "Uh, you all right, bro?"
Bolin says: "No! No, I'm not all right. I can't take anymore. Listen, I don't want to live in icy bliss with Eska!  Don't make me. Oh, please, please don't make me."
Mako says: "Uh, hey, if you're that unhappy, just break up with her."
Bolin says: "Break up with her? You can do that?"
Mako says: "Yeah. Guys do that all the time."
Bolin says: "How?"
Mako says: "Just tell her you're not that into her anymore."
Bolin says: "Oh, no, no, I don't think she'd like that."
Mako says: "Ending a relationship is kind of like pulling off a blood-sucking leech. You just gotta rip it off and get it over with. You'll feel a lot better afterwards. Trust me."
Bolin says: "Thanks, Mako. Whew. I'm lucky you're so good at breaking girls' hearts.  Ha, Korra better watch out.  Oooh, no, it's just a-, uh, you kn-, uh, never mind."
Unalaq says: "Our next training sessions isn't until tomorrow."
Korra says: "I'm sorry to interrupt. It's about our conversation this morning."
Unalaq says: "Yes?"
Korra says: "I understand why you brought your troops here, but I'm afraid it's sending the wrong message."
Unalaq says: "Your father has been talking to you."
Korra says: "Not just him. Varrick too. There was a meeting at my parents' house. A lot of Southerners feel like their tribe is being invaded."
Unalaq says: "I am their chief. I'm uniting, not invading."
Korra says: "I know, but I'm just afraid if something doesn't change, there could be a civil war."
Unalaq says: "If the Water Tribes were at war, the other nations would take sides. The dark spirits would thrive off this negative energy, and the world would be thrown into a battle between spirits and man. That would be catastrophic."
Korra says: "How do we stop it?"
Unalaq says: "We? No, Korra.  This is a war only the Avatar can prevent."
Korra says: "I'm usually the one starting fights. I don't know how to stop them from happening."
Unalaq says: "As the Avatar, you must remain neutral in this conflict. You will naturally want to help your people, but showing favoritism will not help our tribes finds unity."
Korra says: "Maybe Tenzin was right.  Maybe I'm not ready to be the Avatar."
Unalaq says: "Tenzin lacked faith in you.  But I have no doubt that you will become the most admired Avatar the world has ever known."
Korra says: "Thank you, Uncle."
