Asami says: "What are you doing here?"
Lin says: "We have a reason to believe that there's a factory hidden below the mansion."
Asami says: "I think I would've noticed if there were a factory underneath my house. The lies you people come up with just to persecute my father."
Tenzin says: "Where is your father?"
Asami says: "In his workshop, behind the house."
Asami says: "Dad? Hello?"
Officer says: "Chief, the estate's been secured. No one has left the workshop since we arrived."
Lin says: "Perhaps we just couldn't see him leaving."
Lin says: "There's a tunnel beneath the workshop running deep into the mountainside."
Asami says: "What? There's no tunnel."
Bolin says: "Do you think your dad knows about this tunnel?"
Asami says: "I don't understand. There must be an explanation."
Korra says: "Maybe you don't know everything about your father.  I'm sorry."
Lin says: "Officers,  into the tunnel. Be cautious.  Uh-uh, you three stay up here.  Officer Song, keep an eye on them."
Lin says: "Not your average backyard workshop."
Korra says: "And I'm guessing those are the new weapons."
Tenzin says: "Hiroshi was lying all right, but where is he?"
Bolin says: "What was that?"
Mako says: "We need to get down there and see what's going on."
Song says: "Absolutely not. You're staying put until the chief comes back."
Mako says: "All right, we'll stay put. But could we wait outside or something? It's so dusty in this workshop."
Song says: "No! We're waiting right here!"
Mako says: "Okay, but don't blame me if I start sne-  if I start sn-sn-sneez-"
Song says: "What's your problem, bub?"
Mako says: "I'm about to-  Sorry pal, we know you were just doing your job."
Bolin says: "Yeah, just stay put until the chief comes back. That's sounds very familiar doesn't it, why? Because you said it."
Mako says: "Asami, you should stay here. We'll check it out."
Asami says: "I have to find out the truth about my father."
Mako says: "I understand. That's why I'm going down, to find out for you. Please."
Asami says: "All right.  Be careful."
Hiroshi Sato says: "I'm afraid you won't be able to metalbend that wall, Chief Beifong.  It's solid platinum.  My mecha tanks are platinum as well.  Not even your renowned mother could bend a metal so pure."
Korra says: "Hiroshi, I knew you were a lying, no good Equalist! Come out here and-"
Hiroshi Sato says: "And do what, young Avatar? Face the wrath of your bending? No. I think I'll fight from inside here where my odds are a little more ... equal."
Lin says: "That source was a set-up! You lured us down here!"
Hiroshi Sato says: "Guilty as charged."
Tenzin says: "Korra!"
