Bolin says: "I'd just like to say, for the record, this room is definitely not perfect.  Naga!"
Korra says: "There he is."
Bolin says: "I thought stakeouts were supposed to be exciting. This isn't. At all!  Ooh, I wonder if there's any snacks in here.  Hey, look! A Pai Sho board! Mako, you want to play?"
Mako says: "Kind of busy here, bro."
Asami says: "I'll play."
Bolin says: "Oh, well, ugh, no offense but I learned street Pai Sho from Shady Shin, and I'm pretty good. So, wouldn't really be a fair game."
Asami says: "So? I learned to play from my dad, the diabolical genius. I'll destroy you."
Bolin says: "Well, looks we've got ourselves a Pai-Shodown.  Ladies first.  Uh, I don't mean to rush you, but let's speed things up a bit."
Asami says: "Why? This game is all about slow, methodical strategy."
Bolin says: "No, it's not. This is a fast-paced, edge of your seat, game of chance! Don't think. Just go."
Asami says: "I don't know what Shady Shin taught you, but it wasn't the real Pai Sho."
Bolin says: "Oh really? I think Mr. Rulebook might disagree with you.  The origins of Pai Sho date back over ten thousand years. It is a game of both strategy and chance. Wait, how can it be both?"
Asami says: "Let me see that.  There have been countless variations of Pai Sho through the centuries and each culture has its own rules and variations of the game."
Bolin says: "That's no help at all. Korra, as the Avatar, you need to standardize these Pai Sho rules."
Korra says: "Okay, I'll put that on my to-do list, right after bringing back the Air Nation and taking down the group that tried to kidnap me."
Bolin says: "That's cool. Whenever you get to it."
Mako says: "Assuming we do find Zaheer, what then?"
Korra says: "Then I make him talk."
Mako says: "He was locked away for thirteen years, Korra, and never broke. I don't think a little bending is going to intimidate this guy."
Korra says: "You have a better idea?"
Mako says: "Yeah, we spy on them. If Aiwei and Zaheer don't know they're being watched, they'll talk freely. Then we'll find out who they are and what they want."
Bolin says: "That's just like Pai Sho!  In order to defeat your opponent, you first have to know your opponent."
Asami says: "Then I guess I know you pretty well.  I win."
Bolin says: "What? Ugh. All right, you know what that was just a fluke. Best two out of three.  Oh, come on! Best four out of seven. Eight out of fifteen. Seventeen out of thirty-three?  Ha, ha! Looks like you're on the ropes this time."
Asami says: "I can't believe it. You might actually win this one."
Bolin says: "No, Pabu?  Why?"
Korra says: "It's almost sundown. Why hasn't Aiwei left yet?"
Asami says: "Maybe he sneaked out when you weren't looking."
Mako says: "No, I just saw him peeking out of his window fifteen minutes ago. It's in my logbook."
Korra says: "I'm going over there."
Mako says: "Korra, wait! You're going to blow our element of surprise."
Korra says: "It's over, Aiwei! Where's ...?  What?"
Bolin says: "That's a weird way to nap."
Korra says: "He's not sleeping. He's meditating. Wait! Asami, those spirits were trying to tell us something earlier. Xai Bau's Grove isn't on the map because it's not in the physical world! It's in the Spirit World! I'm going in after him."
Mako says: "We'll watch him in case he wakes up. Be careful!"
Zaheer says: "What happened back in Zaofu? You told me we wouldn't have any problems getting the Avatar? Because of you, we've all been compromised."
Aiwei says: "No, any evidence was destroyed when my library burned."
Zaheer says: "Where is your physical body now?"
Aiwei says: "At the Misty Palms Inn. But there is no need to worry. I was not followed."
Zaheer says: "You left a loose end."
Aiwei says: "I assure you, no one knows anything about us."
Zaheer says: "No, you are the loose end."
Korra says: "Zaheer!"
Zaheer says: "It seems Aiwei was mistaken. He was followed."
Korra says: "That's right. We knew he'd lead us straight to you. Now, what did you do with him?"
Zaheer says: "He'll be spending eternity in the Fog of Lost Souls, which just leaves the two of us."
Korra says: "Don't move, Zaheer. You're going to give me some answers."
Zaheer says: "There's no need for aggression. Neither of us has our bending, and I'm not going anywhere. I'll answer whatever questions you have. You deserve that much.  What would you like to know?"
Korra says: "First off, who are you people, and why do you keep trying to take me?"
Zaheer says: "We are part of a secret society, dedicated to restoring freedom to the world. We are the Red Lotus."
Korra says: "Red Lotus? Are you related to the White Lotus?"
Zaheer says: "We are what the White Lotus was meant to be. But after the Hundred Year War, the White Lotus lost its true purpose. Its members came out of hiding and openly served the Avatar. They became nothing but glorified bodyguards who served corrupt nations. So a great man named Xai Bau broke from the White Lotus and began his own society."
Korra says: "That's a great story, but it doesn't explain why you tried to take me when I was a kid."
Zaheer says: "That was Unalaq's idea."
Korra says: "What? My uncle was part of the Red Lotus?"
