Officer says: "Good afternoon. Where are you off to today?"
Driver says: "I, uh, got a delivery to make at Bao Yu. I should be back later today."
Officer says: "You all right?"
Driver says: "Yeah, just a little tired. One more pick-up, then I'm clocking out."
Officer says: "I thought you said you had a delivery?"
Driver says: "Did I?"
Officer says: "I'm going to need you to step out of the vehicle and open the back of the truck."
Zaheer says: "Let's get out of here!"
Opal says: "Hey, Bolin."
Bolin says: "Opal! Oh, wow, you ... really know how to sneak up on someone."
Opal says: "What are you doing?"
Bolin says: "Oh nothing, you know, just ...  just thinking about my body and mustaches that I might have in the future."
Opal says: "You're acting weird again."
Bolin says: "Sorry. I wasn't really thinking about all my mustaches. I'm just frustrated. I've been trying to metalbend and I can't figure it out. Don't tell anyone, okay?"
Opal says: "Why not?"
Bolin says: "Because it's embarrassing. This isn't the first time I've tried, and I've been wanting to metalbend ever since I heard about Toph. Your grandmother is my biggest hero!"
Opal says: "My mom grew up learning from Toph. Just go train with her. Stop being so scared."
Bolin says: "You know what? Maybe I am scared. But what about you? I know that you want to go to the Northern Air Temple to train with Tenzin, but you haven't done it, because you're afraid too!"
Opal says: "You know what? You're right. I don't want to leave my family and disappoint my mom."
Bolin says: "Look at us! Talking about our feelings, supporting each other."
Opal says: "It's nice."
Toph says: "What were you thinking? And what were you thinking? You two have put me in an impossible position."
Lin says: "You're mad at me?  She's the one who was running around with criminals!"
Suyin says: "This is all your fault!"
Lin says: "I was doing my job!"
Toph says: "All right, enough! Here's what we're going to do. Su, you need to leave the city as soon as possible."
Suyin says: "What?! Where am I supposed to go?"
Toph says: "You'll go stay with your grandparents. Lin, give me the arrest report."
Lin says: "Mom, what are you doing?! You can't cover this up! There are witnesses."
Toph says: "I'm the Chief of Police! I can't have a daughter in jail!"
Lin says: "So, once again, Suyin gets to do whatever she wants and there are no consequences."
Toph says: "This is our only option."
Guo says: "You're going to feel a bit fragile, so it's probably best if you take it easy for a while."
Lin says: "I don't need to rest. I need to do something I should've done a long time ago."
Suyin says: "Congratulations. You're the first metalbending Avatar."
Bolin says: "So, umm, I've been thinking, and I'd like to try to learn metalbending.  I mean, I'm sure you have a waiting list or something of a couple years so."
Suyin says: "Let's get started."
Bolin says: "I think Lin is mad about something."
Lin says: "Su, it's time we talk."
Suyin says: "After thirty years, you're finally ready to talk?"
Lin says: "When we were in Mom's office that day, you could've taken responsibility for what you did. But instead, you stayed quiet and let Mom throw her whole career away."
Suyin says: "Mom didn't throw her career away. She retired the next year. She was a hero."
Lin says: "You think she wanted to retire? She was so guilt-ridden about what she did to protect you that she didn't feel worthy of her badge."
Suyin says: "Look, I admit that I was not a perfect kid and I've made some mistakes in the past but-"
Lin says: "You made some mistakes?"
Suyin says: "Lin, Mom and I already talked about this years ago and worked things out. If you had gotten together with us like we'd asked, you would know that I'm a different person now. I've been a different person for a long time."
Lin says: "You think that just because you live in a big, fancy house, and have a chef who cooks you fancy food, that you're a different person? Maybe you could fool everyone else, but you can't fool me. I see right through you."
Suyin says: "You know what, Lin? You're the one who hasn't changed. You're still a bitter loner who only cares about herself. No wonder Tenzin ended things with you years ago."
Suyin says: "Okay,  I guess this is how it's going to be."
Korra says: "Should I stop them?"
Bolin says: "You don't have any siblings, fighting is all part of the healing process."
Wei says: "Go Mom!"
Huan says: "My sculpture!  Actually, it looks ... kinda better now."
Suyin says: "You've got it out of your system?"
Lin says: "Not quite yet!"
Opal says: "What are you two doing?! You're sisters! Why would you want to hurt each other?"
