Aye-aye spirit says: "Get out of the forest, humans."
Wan says: "Wait! We can resolve this peacefully."
Aye-aye spirit says: "Stinky?  You came back."
Wan says: "It's good to see you again."
Aye-aye spirit says: "You and Raava are just in time to help us clear these tree-killing fire-lovers out of here just like the old days."
Jaya says: "You are the one who's getting cleared out."
Wan says: "There's no need for violence. I know there must be a way to work out a compromise."
Aye-aye spirit says: "You have a good heart, Stinky. But these fire tossers aren't like you."
Jaya says: "Spirits like him killed our friends! I can't let them get away with that."
Dark aye-aye spirit says: "We are protectors of the forest. We won't let you burn it down."
Raava says: "It's Vaatu. He's growing stronger, using their anger to turn them to his side."
Dark aye-aye spirit says: "Wipe them out!"
Wan says: "Stop, please!  Raava, we need to combine our energies. Maybe then we'll have enough power to stop this.  Enough!  You need to stop fighting now,  before you destroy each other!"
Aye-aye spirit says: "Stinky, w-what happened?"
Jaya says: "He's controlling all four elements."
Raava says: "Wan, I have to leave your body, or I'll destroy you."
Wan says: "No. It's working. If you leave, the fighting will start again."
Raava says: "Wan!"
Wan says: "We have to go back."
Vaatu says: "Don't bother. Your human friends have already been annihilated."
Wan says: "No!"
Vaatu says: "Enjoy your final days. See you at the end of the world!"
Wan says: "Raava ..."
Raava says: "I'm sorry, Wan."
Raava says: "We're almost there.  I was wrong about you, Wan. I had no idea that humans were capable of such nobility and courage. I'm sorry that we do not have much more time together."
Wan says: "Let's not give up before the battle's even begun. Who knows what will happen?  After all, this is my first Harmonic Convergence."
Raava says: "This is the southern portal to the Spirit World. Here, Vaatu and I will do battle once again, at the place where the two worlds meet."
