Korra says: "I can't believe Miss Queeny Smug Face had them right under our noses the whole time!"
Tenzin says: "We have to get into that compound tonight and get those airbenders out."
Bumi says: "All right. We go in under the cover of darkness: two small insertion teams and a third on the outside. Then all we'll need is twelve tons of blasting jelly, a medium-sized bulldozer and ... does anyone have a badgermole that knows Morse code?"
Tenzin says: ""
Asami says: "Oh great, not the Queen again."
Korra says: "Everyone, act natural. And Bolin -"
Bolin says: "I'm on it!  What? Hey, I'm not sweaty this time!"
Tenzin says: "Lin? What are you doing here?"
Lin says: "We need to get Korra out of here immediately. Her life's in danger."
Korra says: "What?!  What's going on?"
Lin says: "I just got word from Lord Zuko and Tonraq."
Korra says: "Why is Lord Zuko with my dad?"
Lin says: "Zaheer and the others have escaped."
Tenzin says: "How is that possible?"
Lin says: "Because Zaheer is an airbender now."
Tenzin says: "No ..."
Korra says: "All right, hold on! Will you quit ignoring me and tell me what's going on? Who's Zaheer? Why is my life in danger?"
Tenzin says: "Shortly after we found out you were the Avatar, Zaheer and three others attempted to kidnap you. Luckily, your father, Lord Zuko, Chief Sokka and I were there to stop them. We apprehended the criminals and locked them away in prisons designed to impair their abilities."
Korra says: "So that's why you and my dad sheltered me away."
Tenzin says: "It was for your own safety."
Mako says: "Why were they trying to kidnap Korra?"
Lin says: "We spent thirteen years interrogating them, but they never broke. To this day, no one knows what their motive was.  Now we need to get you back to Republic City, where I can protect you."
Korra says: "No ... I'm not running."
Lin says: "Korra, you don't understand. These criminals are like nothing you've ever faced before."
Korra says: "Look, I'm not a little kid anymore. You don't need to protect me. I came here for one thing: to find airbenders. And I'm not leaving without them."
Lin says: "Fine. Let's get them and get out of here. Where are they?"
Korra says: "In a military compound, and we're busting them out."
