Ikki says: "It seems pretty lonely out here. Where's everybody else?"
Outpost soldier #1 says: "I ... don't want to talk about it."
Outpost soldier #2 says: "He's just upset because Kuvira's taking all the troops to Zaofu and we had to stay here."
Outpost soldier #1 says: "Well it's the last city left and then the whole empire will be united! And you know there's gonna be a huge party afterwards."
Ikki says: "It's tough to be left out, huh? I know exactly what you're going through."
Outpost soldier #1 says: "You do?"
Ikki says: "Yeah. My brother and sister are always leaving me out of fun stuff. I mean, we're supposed to be looking for the Avatar together, but they won't even let me help."
Outpost soldier #2 says: "Well, that's not fair. Maybe we can help you out!  So, where have you looked for her?"
Ikki says: "We've been traveling down the west coast, and the only lead we have is some guy who said he saw her six months ago."
Outpost soldier #1 says: "Well, we have troops ... pretty much everywhere. If anyone saw her, they would have reported it."
Ikki says: "What about this place?"
Outpost soldier #1 says: "Well, that's the swamp. No one goes there."
Outpost soldier #2 says: "Don't get discouraged, Ikki. You're a valuable member of the team, and you have a big heart! I know you're going to find her. Now let's get you out of those ropes."
Meelo says: "You're welcome, Ikki."
Ikki says: "Why did you do that?"
Jinora says: "We're saving you. Let's go."
Ikki says: "I had everything under control. I just found our food, and I have an idea where Korra is."
Jinora says: "You do? Then lets get going!"
Ikki says: "Hold on.  Sorry my brother and sister knocked you out. Nice chatting with you!"
Outpost soldier #2 says: "Ugh ... Macaroon ..."
Toph says: "There you are. You got my dinner yet?"
Korra says: "No ... this swamp ... it did crazy things to my mind. I had visions, of all the times my enemies hurt me."
Toph says: "Yeah, I figured something like that might happen."
Korra says: "What? You wanted me to see those visions? You are one twisted old lady, you know that?"
Toph says: "Look, I know you want to get better. And so does the swamp! It can sense you're out of balance. It will teach you what you need to learn, if you're open to listening."
Korra says: "Okay, swamp. I'm all ears."
Toph says: "You said you saw your past enemies. Now, why do you think that is?"
Korra says: "I don't know. Because they made me and a lot of other people suffer."
Toph says: "Sounds like you're carrying around your former enemies, the same way you're still carrying around that metal poison. You maybe consider you could learn something from them?"
Korra says: "Sounds like the swamp is messing with your mind too."
Toph says: "My mind is just fine, thank you. Listen,  what did Amon want? Equality for all. Unalaq? He brought back the spirits. And Zaheer believed in freedom."
Korra says: "I guess ..."
Toph says: "The problem was, those guys were totally out of balance and they took their ideologies too far."
Korra says: "Okay, fine. But that doesn't explain why they keep haunting me."
Toph says: "Because you need to face your fears. You can't expect to deal with future enemies if you're still fighting the old ones."
Korra says: "Maybe you're right, but how am I supposed to move on?"
Toph says: "Boy, you Avatars sure need a lot of hand-holding. Get up! We're going to the banyan-grove tree."
Ikki says: "Those soldiers said there weren't any troops here and, I figure, if Korra's not feeling good, she might come to a spiritual place like this to get better."
Jinora says: "There is an enormous amount of spiritual activity here, but I don't feel Korra."
Meelo says: "Well, that's what we get for listening to Ikki."
Ikki says: "Guys! We just got here. Let's at least look around."
Jinora says: "I'm sorry, Ikki, but I'm with Meelo on this. I don't think we're going to find her here. Let's go Pepper!"
Meelo says: "Why did those stupid vines pull us in here anyway?"
Ikki says: "Because they want us here. I'm telling you, Korra has got to be close."
Jinora says: "I don't know, Ikki, I still don't sense Korra."
Ikki says: "Well, you haven't sensed her the entire time we've been looking for her!"
Meelo says: "Next time I go on a mission, it's going to be boys only. Just Poki and me."
Korra says: "It's beautiful."
Toph says: "The roots of the banyan-grove tree spread out for miles in every direction, connecting this whole swamp. Your problem is, you've been disconnected for too long. Disconnected from the people who love you and disconnected from yourself."
Meelo says: "I'm tired of listening to you!"
Jinora says: "Korra! I know where Korra is!"
Meelo and Ikki says: "Yeah!"
