Korra says: "I hope you haven't been waiting long."
Asami says: "Only three years.  It's so good to see you again."
Korra says: "You too."
Asami says: "And I'm loving the hair."
Korra says: "Thanks.  You're looking snazzy as always."
Asami says: "Come on. Mako got us a table at the restaurant."
Mako says: "Korra!"
Korra says: "Hi, Mako."
Wu says: "Hello there, Prince Wu, rightful heir to the throne and  this guy's boss. I bet he's told you a lot about me."
Korra says: "Nope. Not a thing."
Wu says: "Then we have so much to talk about.  You are going to love the food here, I know the chef personally.  Let's start with a round of your spicy octopus fritters  and keep the cucumber-aloe water coming!  Gotta keep this princely skin hydrated."
Asami says: "I thought it was going to be the three of us."
Mako says: "Sorry, but I couldn't ditch him. But he promised to be on his best behavior."
Wu says: "Hey, pop into the Avatar State for me. I want to see your eyes glow."
Korra says: "What? No!"
Asami says: "So can you go into the Avatar State again? I was worried when you told me you couldn't."
Mako says: "Wait, when did she tell you she couldn't?  What's going on with you two?"
Korra says: "I wrote to Asami while I was away. I asked her not to tell you. I'm sorry."
Mako says: "Well, why didn't you ever write to me? Or Bolin?"
Korra says: "I don't know. I guess ... I didn't know what to say."
Mako says: ""Hello" would have been nice."
Wu says: "Mako, if it makes you feel any better, she didn't write me either."
Mako says: "Why would she ...  Never mind."
Korra says: "I'm sorry I didn't stay in touch, but I'm back now.  And I wanna know everything about what's been going on with you two."
Asami says: "Well, I kind of have some big news. I went to visit my father for the first time. He had been writing me letters and I guess I finally felt ready to try and forgive him."
Korra says: "You sure you can trust him? He might just be manipulating you again."
Asami says: "You think I don't know what my own father is capable of?"
Korra says: "No, I didn't mean ..."
Asami says: "You don't get to disappear for three years and then act like you know what's best for me!"
Korra says: "It's not like I planned to be gone for that long, I wanted to come back, but I never felt ready until now."
Wu says: "As much as I'm enjoying this little catch-up, my royal bladder is about to explode. Mako, come on, I need you to stand guard."
Mako says: "I'm not gonna hold your hand every time you have to empty your "royal bladder". Go to the bathroom on your own for once."
Wu says: "Fine."
Korra says: "Do you always go to the bathroom with him?"
Mako says: "I don't go with him, with him, I just stand there in the general vicinity while he ... I don't wanna talk about it."
Bathroom attendant says: "Good afternoon, Sir. Perhaps a spritz of cologne, to freshen up?"
Wu says: "Make it a double, buddy!"
Wu says: "Mako, help! Wu ... down ..."
