Bumi says: "It's true. I once beat an earthbender in a rock-throwing contest! I have the trophy to prove it."
Tenzin says: "All right, who's ready for an exciting tour of the Eastern Air Temple? We've got a lot to see today, including ancient statues, ancient gardens,  and the meditation hall used by ancient airbenders."
Ikki says: "Yay. Old things."
Tenzin says: "Korra?"
Jinora, Ikki and Meelo says: "Korra! Yay, Korra! Korra's back!"
Pema says: "What are you doing here?"
Ikki says: "Oh, I've missed you!"
Kya says: "And how did you know where to find us?"
Korra says: "Tenzin's itinerary. We went over it like a hundred times before we left Republic City."
Tenzin says: "See? This is why schedules are important."
Korra says: "It's so great to see you all again."
Tenzin says: "It's great to see you too, but why aren't you training at the South Pole?"
Korra says: "Wait, you don't know about the Civil War?"
Tenzin says: "What? No. We've been out of touch with the outside world since we started our vacation."
Bumi says: "Tenzin's idea. What happened?"
Korra says: "So much. I-I don't know where to start."
Tenzin says: "Just tell us everything!"
Korra says: "Everything?  Okay. I opened a spirit portal at the South Pole, but then Unalaq turned out to be a bad guy and wanted to take control of the South, so I sort of started a Civil War, but when I went to find some help, I was attacked by my cousins, and then by a giant dark spirit, and then I forgot who I was, and then I met the first Avatar, and then I realized I shouldn't have opened the portal in the first place, and now I need to close it again!"
Tenzin says: "I knew this would happen.  So Avatar Wan imprisoned this dark spirit Vaatu in the Spirit World?"
Korra says: "Yes, and now I think my uncle is trying to free him."
Tenzin says: "I knew Unalaq was hungry for power, but never realized how far he would go to get it."
Korra says: "This is all my fault."
Tenzin says: "No, don't blame yourself. This is Unalaq's doing. Now, we must focus on setting things right before he can do any more damage."
Korra says: "Thank you."
Tenzin says: "So, you need to close the Southern portal, but if Unalaq's army controls the South, how are we going to get to it?"
Korra says: "I thought about that. My best chance to close the portal is from the inside.  I have to enter the Spirit World."
Tenzin says: "A journey to the Spirit World. All my years of spiritual training have prepared me for this moment.  I will help you. Today, we enter the Spirit World."
