Bolin says: "Varrick! Good, you're here.  Can I talk to you for a minute?"
Varrick says: "What is it? I'm busy inspiring my workers."
Bolin says: "Well, I went to Zaofu and saved Su and her family ... and guess who else we found?  Ha!"
Varrick says: "Zhu Li."
Bolin says: "Now, isn't there something you wanted to say to her? Hmm?"
Zhu Li says: "Please, let me go first. I know I said a lot of terrible things about you in front of Kuvira. But I need you to know ...  I didn't mean one word. When you were being taken away, I thought my only chance to save you was to join her.  But every day, I hoped for the chance to see you again and tell you the truth.  Varrick, you mean the world to me and I'm sorry if I hurt you in any way."
Varrick says: "Don't be so hard on yourself.  Apology accepted! Now be a good assistant and  man the assembly line!"
Zhu Li says: "No! I am not your assistant anymore.  If you want me around, you need to start treating me like an equal!"
Radio operator says: "We're patched into the emergency broadcast line.  You're going out to every radio in the city."
Mako says: "Attention citizens of Republic City. This is not a test.  An attack on our city is imminent. President Raiko has ordered a mandatory evacuation for all citizens. Please find  your evacuation handbooks and turn to  subsection one-dash-two-six.  There you will find initial instructions for your area. For example, if you live in northwest vector one, report to your primary meeting location,  which would be at the eastern entrance of the Southern Water Tribe library.  There, you would choose a leader as specified in section one-dash-two-eight."
Radio operator says: "Uh, Chief,  we're getting confused calls from all over the city. I think Mako's starting a panic."
Mako says: "What's confusing?  I'm giving very specific instructions."
Lin says: "Great, this is just what we need."
Wu says: "I got this.  Hello, everyone, this is Prince Wu. Now, I know you're all a little scared. Believe me, I know what it's like to be afraid. I used to not be able to go to the bathroom by myself. But if we let that fear control us  none of us will ever be able to go to the bathroom and then we all lose.  But the people of Republic City aren't losers, we're winners.  Winners that are going to  get out of this city in a calm and orderly fashion.  So I want you to grab your family, grab your neighbor  grab that guy down the street you don't know very well and head to the nearest bus,  train or ferry station.  We're going to get you out of here, safe and sound."
