Kuvira says: "What happened? Are we ... dead?"
Korra says: "No, we're okay, but we're in the Spirit World.  All the energy from your weapon tore open a new portal and blasted us in here."
Kuvira says: "Why would you save my life, after everything I did to you?"
Korra says: "I guess ... I see a lot of myself in you."
Kuvira says: "We are nothing alike!"
Korra says: "Yes, we are. We're both fierce and determined to succeed,  sometimes without thinking things through."
Kuvira says: "This wasn't how I wanted things to end.  If you would have all just surrendered,  none of this would have happened."
Korra says: "You brought this on yourself. Messing with the spirit vines, acting like a dictator over your people ... you had to know what you were doing wasn't right."
Kuvira says: "I was trying to help my people. Su turned her back on the Earth Kingdom, you were gone! I had to do something."
Korra says: "I think I get it now."
Kuvira says: "You don't understand anything about me."
Korra says: "I do.  Su told me how she took you in when you were younger.  It must have been so hard being an orphan."
Kuvira says: "Don't pretend you know what it felt like!  The Avatar is adored by millions! I was cast aside by my own parents like I meant nothing to them.  How could I just stand by  and watch the same thing happen to my nation, when it needed someone to guide it?"
Korra says: "You wanted to create a place where you and your people would never be vulnerable again.  I may not have been an orphan, but believe me, I understand what it feels like to be afraid.  After I was poisoned, I would have done anything to feel in control."
Tenzin says: "The spirits have returned."
Asami says: "And so has Korra!"
Bolin says: "You're okay!"
Mecha suit captain says: "Release Kuvira, or we will attack!"
Kuvira says: "Stand down. This battle is over. I owe the Avatar my life.  Her power is beyond anything I could ever hope to achieve.  I'll accept whatever punishment the world sees fit."
Kuvira says: "And Su, I'm sorry for all the anguish I've caused you and your family."
Suyin says: "You're going to answer for everything you've done."
Bolin says: "And though the battle took a severe toll on our beloved city, out of the destruction, love did bloom!  So that is why, dearest friends and family, we gather today to celebrate the wondrous, and at time inexplicable bond between Sir Varrick and the Lady Zhu Li!"
Varrick says: "Hey, pal, camera on me! This is my big day!"
Bolin says: "True love is a fickle creature.  Difficult to find, nearly impossible to tame.  But Varrick and Zhu Li have proven that even the longest of long shots  can have a chance at happiness together. Now, for the vows!  Thank you, Master Pabu. Do you, Sir Iknik Blackstone Varrick of the Southern Water Tribe, Master of the High Seas, take the Lady Zhu Li Moon to be your lawfully wedded wife? Will you promise to treat her not as your assistant, but as your honored and cherished partner?"
Varrick says: "You're darn tootin' I do!"
Bolin says: "And do you, Zhu Li, take Varrick, to be your lawfully wedded husband? Do you promise to care for him, in sickness and in health,  and also scrub his callouses on a bi-weekly basis, which ... isn't really that much to ask ...  Okay, I'm not reading all this."
Zhu Li says: "I do take Varrick. Callouses and all."
Bolin says: "You may now  do the thing."
Zhu Li says: "Are you all right?"
Varrick says: "You just make me so dang happy!"
