Varrick says: "Zhu Li! Is this thing on?"
Zhu Li says: "We're rolling, sir."
Varrick says: "Okay. I'm Varrick, of Varrick Industries, International--  --and this is Spirit Vine Experiment 3-02. Hand me the thing!"
Varrick says: "In this stasis capsule is a preserved spirit vine sample weighing approximately two "Zhu Lis"."
Varrick says: "I have postulated that these spirit vines are a form of pure energy that's unstable in what we call--  --"typical earth conditions".  This machine should transfer the energy from the vine into a battery using electrical currents, reverse magnetic polarity, and a little-known phenomenon I like to call--  --the Varri-Effect!"
Varrick says: "It's working! It's registering five "Varricks" of power.  Now seven Varricks!"
Varrick says: "Whoa! What is this? What's going on?"
Varrick says: "Zhu Li! Shut it down! There are too many Varricks!"
Zhu Li says: "Sir!"
Varrick says: "You're too heavy! You know, you could stand to lose a few Zhu Lis!"
Zhu Li says: "I think you're just weak, sir! Pull harder!"
Zhu Li says: "Varrick ... you saved me."
Varrick says: "Of course I saved you."
Varrick says: "I can't clean this place up by myself!  Grab a broom!"
Kuvira says: "What happened? Were we attacked?"
Varrick says: "No! We were spirit-vined! But don't worry! I'm putting the kibosh on this project."
Kuvira says: "No, you're not. Do you realize what we could do with this kind of power?"
Varrick says: "Yes! I do! And that's why we gotta put an end to it! What if it fell into the wrong hands?"
Baatar Jr. says: "Since when does that matter to you?"
Varrick says: "I know, it's not like me, right? Usually I look at a project like this and think, "Wow! I could make a ton of money off this!" But recently, I've been having these strange feelings ... inside.  It's like I'm ... concerned with others. And there's this nagging voice in my head constantly telling me what's right from wrong!"
Zhu Li says: "I believe that voice is your conscience, sir."
Kuvira says: "Well, I'm the other voice in your head, and I'm telling you you will continue with this project."
Varrick says: "Sorry, no. I just really gotta stand my ground on this one-- Whoa!"
Kuvira says: "And now there's a voice in my head telling me to drop you on the tracks.  Should I listen?"
Varrick says: "No! No! Head voices are liars, what do head voices know? I'll work on the project! Please don't drop me!"
Hiroshi says: "Asami, you came."
Asami says: "I came to return these."
Hiroshi says: "You never opened them."
Asami says: "Stop writing me. I never want to see or hear from you again."
Hiroshi says: "Please, just let me say one thing, then I'll never contact you again."
Hiroshi says: "I can't forgive myself for all the horrible things I've done. And I never expect you to forgive me. I tore our family apart, and destroyed our good name.  But in a life of regret, you're the one thing I look back on that makes me smile.  I just want you to know I'm so proud of you, Asami. You are the greatest thing I ever created."
Bolin says: "Am ... I in trouble?"
Kuvira says: "No. In fact, I have good news. We want you to be a part of our inner circle."
Bolin says: "Inner circle? No way! Yes!  That is a great honor. What does it mean, exactly?"
Kuvira says: "It means you've proven your worth. We're so close to uniting the Empire, but Su has some resentment towards me and Baatar that might cloud her judgment and stop her from making a wise decision. We believe you can help her see clearly."
Bolin says: "I can do that! By the time I'm finished telling her all the great things we've done, she'll be begging to join!"
Kuvira says: "Good. Because we're here."
Bolin says: "Aren't all these troops gonna send the wrong message?"
Kuvira says: "The army is here to project strength. You're here to present peace."
Bolin says: "Opal! You're here, too!"
Opal says: "No! You've chosen your side."
Bolin says: "Sides? There shouldn't be sides!  I know, why don't we all stand in a circle, huh? Maybe hold hands?"
Suyin says: "I'm not giving up Zaofu. I don't care if you brought your entire army."
Kuvira says: "Su, I didn't bring my army to threaten you. I wanted to show you all that your son and I have accomplished."
Suyin says: "You must realize what you're doing goes against everything your father and I tried to teach you."
Baatar says: "Son, you belong here."
Baatar Jr. says: "Why? So that I could go on living in your shadow?"
Suyin says: "Don't say that! Can't you see she's brainwashed you!"
Kuvira says: "Ha! I didn't brainwash him! I set him free! And now he's accomplished more with me than he ever could with you."
Bolin says: "Okay, guys, obviously, there's a lot of personal, painful history here, so what do you say we just all forget about that stuff, huh? I mean, that's the past!  Right Wing? Right Wei? You guys know what I'm talkin' 'bout, right? High five!  All right. No, that's cool.  You know what I think we need to do? Focus on the future! And the future is bright, let me tell you!  I've seen it! Yeah!  Saw it last month! We went to this town that had nothing. Most of the people there had never seen a Satomobile before. Now, they have two Satomobiles, running water, and a magnet train that goes right through their town! I mean, how awesome is that?"
Opal says: "They might have been happy when you first arrived, but I've seen what happens after you leave. Citizens are forced to work as slave labor, dissenters are sent off to who-knows-where!"
Bolin says: "You're wrong, Opal! Now, I don't know what you think you've seen, but I am giving you the one-hundred-percent Bolin guarantee that we're making the Earth Empire a better place to live!"
Suyin says: "I can't believe you brought Bolin here to try and sway us. Leave! Zaofu will never accept you as their leader!"
Kuvira says: "Then you leave me no choice. You have twenty-four hours to agree to join the Empire, or we take the city by force."
