Varrick says: "Aim for that spot in the middle of the back - the one I can never reach."
Zhu Li says: "Got it."
Varrick says: "Wah, let's get out of here!  Wow! I wish I had that kind of flexibility."
Zhu Li says: "Hang on!"
Kuvira says: "I need more power! They're cutting in! More power!"
Asami says: "We need to get out of here."
Hiroshi says: "Almost there."
Asami says: "We have to go now!"
Hiroshi says: "Almost there. Almost there!"
Asami says: "Dad! Now!"
Hiroshi says: "Goodbye, Asami. I love you."
Asami says: "Dad!"
Korra says: "Hiroshi's plan worked. There's our opening."
Main Asami Sato Bolin Hiroshi Sato Korra Lin Beifong Mako Suyin Beifong Tenzin Varrick Wu Zhu Li Antagonists Kuvira Military of the Earth Empire says: "Minor Baatar Jr. Bumi Daw Evacuee Ikki Jinora Kai Meelo Opal Beifong Pema Ryu Tu Wei and Wing"
Shiro Shinobi says: "Welcome to Republic City, the place of hopes, dreams and Spirit Wilds!  This metropolis truly has something for everyone. Visit Air Temple Island, the hub for all airbenders as they travel the world, helping others. Or take a stroll through beautiful Avatar Korra Park, named in honor of "You-Know-Who"! We've missed her these past three years and we can't wait to welcome her home. Get well soon, Korra! And of course, you'll want to see our most unique attractions: the Spirit Wilds. Here, spirits and people live harmoniously together.  Like this old codger, and his new pals. Yes siree, this town is truly on the up and up! Come be a part of the action in Republic City!"
Raiko says: "And of course, my biggest thanks goes to Asami Sato and Future Industries. She brought our old central terminal into the modern era. Ladies and gentlemen, the world is entering a new age of peace and prosperity. Soon, Prince Wu will take his rightful place on the Earth Kingdom throne.  And thanks to our updated rail system, Republic City and the Earth Kingdom will be united like never before!"
Wu says: "Hey there! Asami, right? Great train house. Maybe you can give me a personal tour sometime, what do you say?"
Asami says: "I do like the idea of putting you on a train and sending you far, far away."
Wu says: "That's ... that's funny. I like funny dames. Maybe I should introduce myself. I'm Prince Wu, future king."
Asami says: "Yeah ... I'm aware of who you are."
Wu says: "Don't let my reputation intimidate you. I'm still human just like everyone else. Only more human, like, extra human, or, hmm, superhuman."
Asami says: "Superhuman?"
Wu says: "So, what do you say? Can I show you a low-key night out with a superhuman soon-to-be king?"
Mako says: "Prince Wu! President Raiko has some really important ... king stuff to talk to you about."
Wu says: "Now?  Fine.  Think over the offer.  I'll be back."
Mako says: "He's a real charmer, huh?"
Asami says: "He's ... something. How can you stand being his bodyguard?"
Mako says: "Well, I just remind myself that once he's on the throne, I go back to being a detective."
Asami says: "And that works?"
Mako says: "I also go home, and smash my head into the wall for an hour, you know, just to get the stress out."
Asami says: "It's good to see you, Mako. It's been too long. You hear from Bolin lately?"
Mako says: "I haven't talked to him for a while, but he's coming in a few days for the coronation. And Beifong told me that Korra is getting in tonight."
Asami says: "I can't wait to see her.  It's going to be weird, having the old Team Avatar back in the city after all these years."
