Shiro Shinobi says: "Folks, after a year of waiting the Pro-bending Championship is finally here. Tonight is the first set of matches in our single elimination sixteen team bracket. And I gotta tell ya, these are the most tenacious and talented bending trios this arena has ever seen."
Ring announcer says: "Introducing our first team, the Future Industries Fire Ferrets!  And their opponents, the Red Sands Rabaroos!"
Shiro Shinobi says: "What an explosive opening volley. Both teams quickly recover and unleash a barrage of bending. I am astonished with the level of improvement displayed here by the Fire Ferrets. No wonder the Avatar has been absent from the papers lately. She's obviously had her nose to the grindstone in the gym. The Ferrets advance into Rabaroo territory and are holding nothing back. Nice sprawl there by Mako. Bolin strikes, Ula dodges, and all three Rabaroos are down. The Fire Ferrets easily take round one!"
Ring announcer says: "Round two!"
Shiro Shinobi says: "The Rabaroos are looking for payback and they go straight after Bolin. Korra comes to his defense and water-whacks Umi back into zone two! The Ferrets are on fire tonight and they win round two."
Ring announcer says: "Round three!"
Shiro Shinobi says: "With the Rabaroos down two rounds they'll need a knockout to win, and with the way the Fire Ferrets are playing I don't see that happening. These Ferrets are working together like a well-oiled bending machine. Bolin passes Adi back into zone two and the Ferrets get the green light to advance. The Rabaroos are just fighting to stay at their feet at this point. Out goes Adi, and Ula, and Umi!"
Ring announcer says: "All three rounds go to the Future Industries Fire Ferrets to win the opening match of the tournament!"
Bolin says: "That's what I'm talking about!  Thank you, thank you very much! Thank you all you fans!"
Mako says: "Wow, we were really connecting out there in that ring."
Korra says: "Yeah! You know, I feel like the two of us have been connecting really well out of the ring, too."
Mako says: "Uh, sure."
Korra says: "So, I was thinking we should spend some time together."
Mako says: "Oh, we've been spending lots of time together."
Korra says: "I mean outside of the gym, and not while searching for kidnapped family members or fighting chi blockers."
Mako says: "I don't know. Asami and I have —"
Korra says: "Look, I really like you and I think we are meant for each other!"
Mako says: "Korra, I'm really sorry, but I just don't feel the same way about you."
Korra says: "Forget I ever said anything ..."
Asami says: "Congratulations, guys! You were so amazing out there."
Bolin says: "So, Korra, I was thinking, you and me, we could get some dinner together, sort of a date situation."
Korra says: "Oh, that's really sweet, but I don't think so. I don't feel very date-worthy."
Bolin says: "Are you kidding me? You're the smartest, funniest, toughest, buffest, talentedest, incrediblest girl in the world!"
Korra says: "You really feel that way about me?"
Bolin says: "I felt that way since the moment I saw you! Trust me, I know we're gonna have so much fun together."
Korra says: "You know what? I could use some fun. Okay, sure!"
Bolin says: "Yes! Who's the luckiest guy in the world? Right here, Bolin!"
Bolin says: "So, how do you like it?"
Korra says: "Hmm, it's delicious and totally authentic! I didn't realize how much I missed Water Tribe grub."
Bolin says: "That's great, 'cause this is my favorite joint. See? You love Water Tribe food, I love Water Tribe food, just another reason we are so great together."
Korra says: "They are good noodles! Hey, who's that creepy guy over there who keeps glaring at us?"
