Townsman says: "Avatar Korra! Oh it's such an honor to have you come to our humble village."
Korra says: "Thanks."
Tenzin says: "I hate to get down to business, but is the airbender here now?"
Townsman says: "Kuon and his family will be joining us shortly for a special dinner. Please, right this way.  Kuon has been the talk of the town ever since he's got airbending; he's like a local celebrity."
Tenzin says: "I just want to say it's an honor to meet a fellow airbender."
Kuon says: "Oh, I still think of myself as a simple farmer. Who can airbend!  Oh, I'm so sorry! I still don't have any control."
Bolin says: "No worries! I love pie. And so does Pabu."
Tenzin says: "Well, you're so much more than just a farmer now. Harmonic Convergence changed everything. You represent the future of a culture that is being reborn. You're going to help us rebuild the Air Nation."
Kuon says: "I'm gonna do what now? The only thing I'm planning to rebuild is my barn."
Tenzin says: "But you must come with us to the Northern Air Temple."
Kuon says: "Well, I can't do that. I have a family and a farm."
Tenzin says: "Of course you can come. This is of the utmost importance. Your wife will understand."
Kuon's wife says: "Wait, what? No, I do not understand."
Kuon's daughter says: "Daddy, where are you going? Why does the bald man want to take you away?"
Kuon's wife says: "No one's going to take Daddy away, sweetheart."
Korra says: "Actually, this bald man does want to take him, but it's for an important cause. Your dad is an airbender, and he should learn about his culture."
Kuon says: "I think there's been some sort of misunderstanding. I'm not going with you. I might be able to airbend, but I'm no Air Nomad, I'm no monk."
Townsman says: "Okay, maybe we should just have some dessert huh? Who's up for dessert?"
Tenzin says: "Sir, you must understand, you're an airbender now, and there are thousands of years of culture you must learn about, skills you must master."
Kuon says: "You expect me to abandon my entire life? My family?  No! No sir, I'm not going anywhere with you and I think it's best that you leave."
