Hou-Ting says: "When is the Avatar scheduled for delivery?"
Gun says: "The airship already left Fort Bosco and should be arriving in a few hours."
Hou-Ting says: "Excellent. Bring it to me as soon as it lands."
Gun says: "Yes, Your Majesty. But first there are some ... people here who captured two of the Avatar's friends. They would like to present them to you personally."
Hou-Ting says: "You know I don't meet with bounty hunters."
Gun says: "And of course I told them that. But they say they have some information that might interest you; about the location of your stolen airbenders."
Hou-Ting says: "Really?  Fine, send them in.  Ah, yes, I remember these two. We'll find an acceptable home for you in prison, with the rest of the dissidents.  Now, I'm told you have some information for me. I hope this isn't just some ruse to increase your bounty."
Zaheer says: "We don't want any bounty, Your Majesty. You can consider these two a "thank you" gift for simply taking the time to talk to us."
Hou-Ting says: "How very magnanimous. So, where are my airbenders?"
Zaheer says: "I'd be happy to tell you, once you hand the Avatar over to me."
Hou-Ting says: "Who told you that we have the Avatar?!"
Zaheer says: "How I know is not important. But if I found out, others will too. And that could put you in a difficult position."
Hou-Ting says: "Is that so?"
Zaheer says: "Your Majesty, imprisoning the Avatar will cause the other nations to turn against you and demand her freedom. Before long, we'd be in the midst of a sticky international incident. If you let me take her today, no one need ever know she was here, and you can get your airbenders back without interference. We both win."
Hou-Ting says: "And what do you plan to do with the Avatar should I see fit to grant your request."
Zaheer says: "All I can say is: I have business with her. But she won't be bothering you again. I can assure you of that."
Hou-Ting says: "I find these terms agreeable. Gun, escort them to the antechamber until the Avatar's arrival.  Send these two to the dungeon."
