Korra says: "Zaheer! Come out! Face me! Leave the airbenders out of this!  There you are."
Iroh says: "Please don't hurt me, Korra. I'm just an old man."
Korra says: "Iroh? What are you doing here?"
Iroh says: "I was just out searching for a new teapot to add to my collection. But instead, I found you.  In the Spirit World, you always seem to find something you don't know you were looking for.  You look troubled."
Korra says: "I am."
Iroh says: "Sit.  What is on your mind?"
Korra says: "There's a maniac on the loose and he's threatening to destroy the new Air Nation. I don't know what to do."
Iroh says: "Just because you are the Avatar, doesn't mean you will have all the answers."
Korra says: "I know many Avatars have needed guidance. But I'm the only one since Avatar Wan that can't get help from my past lives. I wish I could talk to Aang."
Iroh says: "You know, Zuko and Aang were close friends."
Korra says: "Lord Zuko, of course."
Iroh says: "Yes, my nephew. Their relationship started off  a little rocky, but they grew to become lifelong friends. Best friends."
Korra says: "Thank you! Thank you so much. You're right about the Spirit World. I came here looking for someone else, but I'm glad I found you."
Asami says: "Did you find Zaheer?"
Korra says: "No, he wasn't there. But there's someone I need to talk to.  You're leaving? Aren't you coming to the air temple with us?"
Zuko says: "I'm sorry, but I can't. I'm going back to the Fire Nation. If it's true that the Red Lotus is targeting the nations' leaders, I need to protect my daughter."
Korra says: "I understand. You have to keep the Fire Lord safe. But before you leave, I was wondering if you could help me with something."
Zuko says: "I was often Aang's counsel and I'd love to be yours."
Korra says: "That just it. You knew Aang better than anyone. I was wondering if you knew what he might do if he were in my situation."
Zuko says: "Hmm. Rebuilding the Air Nation was Aang's biggest dream. He would be beside himself with joy with what you've done. And if he accomplished that goal, he might have sacrificed anything to protect it."
Korra says: "So he would give himself up to save the Air Nation?"
Zuko says: "I don't know for sure. The airbenders might have been closest to Aang's heart, but, as the Avatar, he was concerned with people of all nations. No one knew better than Aang that in times of turmoil,  the world needs its Avatar the most."
Korra says: "Thanks. Your uncle was right. It was helpful talking to you."
Zuko says: "Wait, you spoke with my uncle?"
Korra says: "Yes. In the Spirit World. A couple of times actually."
Mako says: "Guys. We got through to the air temple."
Meelo says: "Who is this?"
Bolin says: "I told you, it's Bolin!"
Meelo says: "Bolin's not here right now. Can I take a message?"
Bolin says: "No! I'm not looking for Bolin, I am Bolin! Gah, look, I need you to find your dad."
Meelo says: "He's outside with the bison. Did you know we found a whole herd full of baby bison?"
Bolin says: "No, a whole herd? Really?"
Korra says: "Meelo, this is your commanding officer. Go get your dad, now!"
Meelo says: "Yes, sir!"
Korra says: "Come on, come on!"
Tenzin says: "Hello? This is Tenzin."
Korra says: "Tenzin! Listen to me carefully. Zaheer is on his way to the temple. He's coming for the airbenders. You have to get everyone out of there immediately. Drop everything. Leave! Now!"
Tenzin says: "Oh no."
Korra says: "What? What is it? Tenzin! Tenzin, what's happening?!"
Tenzin says: "It's too late.  He's here."
