Main Asami Sato Bolin Korra Mako Meelo Poki President Raiko Tenzin Varrick Antagonists Agni Kai Triad Desna and Eska says: "Minor Bumi Ikki Iroh Jinora Kya Lin Beifong Lu and Gang Naga Pabu Pema Shiro Shinobi Unalaq Zhu Li"
Shiro Shinobi says: "Benders be on alert. After coming face to face with Amon, leader of the Equalists, Avatar Korra discovers a terrifying truth: this masked mad man has the ability to take away a person's bending, permanently. Benders of Republic City are counting on their young Avatar. But is she prepared to face such a frightening foe?"
Amon says: "After I take your bending away, you will be nothing."
Korra says: "It's ... it's all right, Naga. I just had a bad dream."
Tarrlok says: "There is a madman running around our beloved city, threatening to tear it apart. We need to create a task force whose sole mission is to find Amon and bring him to justice."
Tenzin says: "Absolutely not. A move that aggressive would only further divide benders and nonbenders."
Fire Nation councilwoman says: "Tarrlok, I'm inclined to agree with your proposal, but who would even  head up such a task force?"
Tarrlok says: "It would be my honor and privilege to accept such a duty."
Tenzin says: "This is just another one of your ploys to gain more power, isn't it?"
Tarrlok says: "All I'm trying to do is help. Think back, forty-two years ago, Republic City was threatened by another dangerous man. Yakone.  Your father wasn't afraid to deal with him head-on."
Tenzin says: "This.. is a completely different situation ...  and how dare you compare yourself to Avatar Aang!"
Tarrlok says: "Amon is not going to stop with the bending triads.  Eventually, he will come for all us benders. Our friends, our families. Vote for this task force and I will stop Amon before it's too late. All in favor?"
Amon says: "Good evening, my fellow Equalists.  This is your leader, Amon.  As you have heard, the Republic Council has voted to make me public enemy number one, proving once again that the bending  oppressors of this city will stop at nothing to quash our revolution. But we cannot be stopped. Our numbers grow stronger by the day. You no longer have to live in fear.  The time has come for benders to experience fear."
Asami says: "Oh, no!  I'm so sorry. I didn't see you."
Mako says: "How could you not see me? I mean I was ju-juu ...  uh, I was ... I- I ... wow.  I was ..."
Asami says: "Are you okay? Did I hurt you? Ugh, I'm such an idiot."
Mako says: "Don't worry, I'm fine. My brother hits me harder than that every day in practice."
Asami says: "Wait, I recognize you. You're Mako, right? You play for the Fire Ferrets."
Mako says: "Yeah, that's me."
Asami says: "I am so embarrassed.  My name is Asami. Let me make this up to you somehow. Uh, how about I treat you to dinner? Tomorrow night, eight o' clock, Kwong's Cuisine."
Mako says: "Uh, Kwong's? I don't have any clothes nice enough for a place that classy."
Asami says: "I'll take care of that. All you need to do is show up.  So ... it's a date?"
Mako says: "Uh, yeah, I guess so. I'll see you tomorrow night."
Tenzin says: "We are grateful for this delicious food, for happiness, for compassion, and ..."
Tarrlok says: "I'm not interrupting, am I?"
Tenzin says: "This is my home, Tarrlok. We're about to eat dinner."
Tarrlok says: "Good, because I am absolutely famished.  Airbenders never turn away a hungry guest, am I right?"
Tenzin says: "I suppose."
Tarrlok says: "Ah, you must be the famous Avatar Korra. It is truly an honor.  I am Councilman Tarrlok, representative from the Northern Water Tribe."
Korra says: "Nice to meet you."
Ikki says: "Why do you have three ponytails?  And how come you smell like a lady? You're weird."
Tarrlok says: "Well aren't you ... precocious?  So, I've been reading all about your adventures in the papers. Infiltrating Amon's rally, now that took some real initiative."
Korra says: "Oh, thanks. I think you're the first authority figure in the city who's happy I'm here."
Tarrlok says: "Republic City is much better off now that you've arrived."
Tenzin says: "Enough with the flattery, Tarrlok. What do you want from Korra?"
Tarrlok says: "Patience, Tenzin. I'm getting to that.  As you may have heard, I am assembling a task force that will strike at the heart of the revolution and I want you to join me."
Korra says: "Really?"
Tenzin says: "What?!"
Tarrlok says: "I need someone who will help me attack Amon directly, someone who is fearless in the face of danger.  And that someone is you."
Korra says: "Join your task force? I can't."
Tarrlok says: "I must admit, I'm rather surprised. I thought you'd jump at the chance to help me lead the charge against Amon."
Tenzin says: "Me, too."
Korra says: "I came to Republic City to finish my Avatar training with Tenzin. Right now, I just need to focus on that."
Tarrlok says: "Which is why this opportunity is perfect. You would get on the job experience while performing your Avatar duty for the city."
Tenzin says: "Korra gave you her answer. It's time for you to go."
Tarrlok says: "Very well.  But,  I'm not giving up on you just yet.  You'll be hearing from me soon.  It has been a pleasure, Avatar Korra."
Ikki says: "Bye-bye, ponytail man!"
Server says: "Ah, welcome to Kwong's Cuisine, Master Mako."
Mako says: "Uh, "Master"?"
Mako says: "The scarf stays."
Server says: "As you wish, sir.  This way please."
Asami says: "I am such a big pro-bending fan. I caught all of your matches this season."
Mako says: "All of them? Wow. Honestly, I wish there were a few you hadn't seen."
Asami says: "Oh, don't be ridiculous, you're amazing. I can't wait to see you play in the tournament."
Mako says: "Yeah, well, ah, maybe next year."
Asami says: "What do you mean? You made it in."
Mako says: "It just isn't in the cards for us right now."
Asami says: "Tell me.  What's the problem?"
Mako says: "We don't have the cash to ante up for the championship pot. So, it looks like we're out of the running."
Asami says: "That's not fair."
Server says: "Pardon me, Ms. Sato.  Your main course."
Mako says: "Ms. Sato? You wouldn't happen to be related to Hiroshi Sato, creator of the Satomobile?"
Asami says: "Yeah. He's my dad."
Mako says: "Get out of town!"
Asami says: "I'm serious.  You want to meet him?"
Mako says: "Meet the most successful captain of industry in all of Republic City? Yeah, I'll take you up on that."
Bolin says: "Hello, fellow teammate!"
Korra says: "Hey, Bolin."
Bolin says: "Missed you at practice this week."
Korra says: "Yeah, sorry about that."
Bolin says: "Nah, that's all right. We're probably out of the tournament anyways unless some money miraculously drops out of the sky by tomorrow. Anyways, the reason I came by was to give you this.  Ta-da!"
Korra says: "Wow, thanks.  What's this for?"
Bolin says: "Uh, oh I can't remember now. Oh yeah, now I remember. You saved me from Amon!"
Korra says: "Oh, that?  It was no big deal."
Bolin says: "No big deal, are you serious? I was totally freaking out when he was coming at me with his creepy mask all, "I will take away your bending forever."  I mean that is.. scary stuff; I still can't sleep well."
Korra says: "Mhmm."
Council page says: "Delivery for Avatar Korra.  Tarrlok sends his compliments and urges you to reconsider his offer."
Korra says: "Tell him I haven't changed my mind."
Council page says: "Mhmm ..."
Bolin says: "Who's this Tarrlok guy? Is he bothering you? Huh, 'cause I could have a word with him."
Korra says: "Heh, no it's not like that. He's just some old guy who works with Tenzin on the council."
Bolin says: "Oh, good. Good, that sounds better. I like that better."
