Kai says: "Hey everybody, there's something I got to tell you."
Lin says: "How did you guys make it out of the temple alive?"
Mako says: "It was all Bolin. I thought we were done for, then out of nowhere, he lavabends."
Suyin says: "I knew you had the potential for something big. You just had to believe in yourself."
Bolin says: "You're right. Being moments from death was a pretty good motivator too. Of course, we would have never made it back with Kai."
Kai says: "Glad I could help. So anyway-"
Tenzin says: "Did Zaheer get away with Korra?"
Lin says: "I'm afraid so."
Suyin says: "Apparently, he can fly now."
Tenzin says: "What?"
Asami says: "How?"
Bolin says: "Are you sure?"
Lin says: "I wouldn't believe it either if I hadn't seen it for myself."
Tenzin says: "I've heard the legends about Guru Laghima's ability to fly. I'd never imagine they were true."
Tonraq says: "So what's our next move?"
Kai says: "I have an idea."
Lin says: "Not right now, kid! We need to figure out where Zaheer took Korra."
Tenzin says: "And find the airbenders."
Kai says: "That's what I've been trying to tell you.  I know where the airbenders are, and I bet it's where Korra is too."
Mako says: "Well, why didn't you say something?"
Tenzin says: "Where are they? How did you find them?"
Kai says: "After I got blasted out the sky, I woke up on the side of the mountain,  where this little fellow found me. I tried to sneak back into the temple, to see if I could rescue anyone, and that's when I saw the airship leaving. I followed it into some caves a few miles from here. The giant lady and some people put the airbenders into the caves."
Lin says: "Was it Ghazan and Ming-Hua?"
Kai says: "No, there were four more of them. They didn't look familiar."
Mako says: "Must be more Red Lotus members than we thought."
Kai says: "I couldn't fight them on my own, so I came back here, hoping you guys would show up."
Lin says: "We need to get to those caves."
Kai says: "How? I don't think we can all fit on my bison."
Tenzin says: "Oogi!  I'm glad to see you too, old friend."
