Hiroshi Sato says: "What do you think of my little operation here?"
Mako says: "It's very impressive, Mr. Sato."
Hiroshi Sato says: "Please, call me Hiroshi. So, I understand you're dirt poor."
Mako says: "Uh, well ..."
Hiroshi Sato says: "Young man, it is nothing to be ashamed of. I too came from humble beginnings. Why, when I was your age, I was a mere shoe-shiner, and all I had to my name was an idea; the Satomobile.  Now, I was fortunate enough to meet someone who believed in me and my work ethic. He gave me the money I needed to get my idea off the ground and I built the entire Future Industries empire from that one selfless loan."
Asami says: "Dad, stop bragging. Just tell Mako the good news."
Mako says: "What good news?"
Hiroshi Sato says: "Well, my daughter passionately told me all about your hard earned success in the Pro-bending Arena. And about your team's current  financial stumbling block. Now, I'd hate to see you lose your chance at winning the championship just because you're short a few yuans. That's why I'm going to sponsor the Fire Ferrets in the tournament."
Mako says: "Are you serious?"
Asami says: "He's serious. My dad's going to cover your ante for the championship pot."
Mako says: "Tha-that is good news."
Hiroshi Sato says: "There's just one catch. You all have to wear the Future Industries logo on your uniforms."
Mako says: "I'll tattoo it on my chest if you want, sir.  Thank you both so much.  I promise the Fire Ferrets will make the most of this opportunity."
Ikki says: "Out of the way Daddy, we're driving here!  Beeeeeeep beebeebeeeeep!"
Meelo says: "Beep-beep."
Tenzin says: "I see Tarrlok's gifts are getting more and more extravagant."
Korra says: "Yeah, that guy doesn't know how to take "no" for an answer."
Tenzin says: "Korra, are you ... doing all right?"
Korra says: "Yeah, I'm fine."
Tenzin says: "Why don't you take a break?  I'm glad you turned down Tarrlok, but I just want to make sure your decision was for the right reason."
Korra says: "I'm just really focused on my airbending right now is all."
Tenzin says: "Right, that's what you said. You know, it's okay to be scared. The whole city is frightened by what's been going on. The important thing is to talk about our fears, because if we don't, they can throw us out of balance."
Tenzin says: "I'm always here for you, if you want to talk."
