Kai says: "Hey, what's your boyfriend doing here?"
Opal says: "If he's here, he must be with Kuvira and my brother. This isn't going to be good."
Kai says: "Bolin!"
Bolin says: "Kai!  Wow, you are a lot heavier than you used to be. You're really growing up."
Kai says: "What's up with your new hair? You look like a stiff."
Bolin says: "Hey, Kuvira says it makes me look intelligent and professional."
Opal says: "Don't believe everything she says."
Bolin says: "Opal, I can't believe you're here too!  I missed you so much."
Opal says: "I missed you too."
Baatar Jr. says: "Look who it is. It's good to see you again, little sister."
Kuvira says: "What a wonderful surprise. A happy reunion for my favorite couple."
Baatar Jr. says: "How's Mom doing?"
Opal says: "Like you care. She still hasn't forgiven you."
Baatar Jr. says: "You know, for someone who claims to be so enlightened, Mom can really hold a grudge."
Opal says: "I guess when her son betrays her ..."
Kuvira says: "Please, Opal, we're not here to bicker with you about something that happened three years ago. We're here to help this town, just like you."
Opal says: "I've heard how you help towns. By conquering them."
Kuvira says: "I know the rumors about me can be pretty nasty, but I am giving everyone in this nation a better future. And with Bolin's help, and my fiancé's ideas, we're laying the ground work for the people to achieve their own greatness."
Opal says: "Your fiancé?"
Kuvira says: "You haven't heard?  Your brother and I are getting married."
Bolin says: "Isn't that great, sweetie?"
Kuvira says: "I know things got heated with your family when Baatar and I left Zaofu, but don't you think it's time to forgive and forget?"
Kuvira says: "Hello, governor. I was wondering if you and I could talk privately."
Kuvira says: "So, have you had time to rethink my generous offer?"
Governor says: "Generous? You want to take everything. How is that generous?"
Kuvira says: "Governor, your state has been overrun by bandits. They have you outnumbered and outsupplied. The question's not if they'll take over; it's when. Unless you sign our deal. Agree to the terms, and you'll have the full force of my army backing you. You will remain in charge, just under my supervision. I will save your life, and the lives of your citizens. I think that's pretty generous."
Governor says: "I know how you manipulate states, and force them to join up under you. I know the only reason you want this region is because it is rich in ore.  They might call you "The Great Uniter", but you're destroying everything! I'll never turn the great state of Yi over to you!"
Kuvira says: "You have a lot of pride, but it cannot protect your people.  Your pride will not stop the hordes as your city crumbles to the ground. And your pride will certainly not feed your hungry when all that is left is rubble!"
Governor says: "Leave! Get out of my state!"
Kuvira says: "You will perish, unless you take my generous offer."
