Korra says: "That's one of the saddest stories I've ever heard."
Tarrlok says: "Avatar Korra. I am truly sorry for all that I did to you. I thought I was better than my father, but his ghost still shaped me. I became a soldier of revenge, just like he wanted me to be. And so did my brother. The revolution may be built on a lie, but I think Amon truly believes bending is the source of all evil in the world."
Mako says: "How did you figure out Amon is your brother?"
Tarrlok says: "When he took my bending, the sensation was somehow familiar. I later recognized it as my brother's bloodbending grip."
Korra says: "So, he somehow uses bloodbending to take people's bending."
Tarrlok says: "I don't know how he does it, but then again, I've never encountered a bender as strong as Noatak."
Korra says: "How in the world do we beat him?"
Mako says: "We can't. Any attack we throw at him, he'll redirect with his mind. That's how he's been able to challenge any bender."
Korra says: "So much for our ambush. If we stay here, we're toast. But there's another way to beat him."
Mako says: "How?"
Korra says: "This whole time, Amon has been one step ahead of us. But finally we have the advantage. We know the truth about him. If we expose him as a bender in front of all his supporters ..."
Mako says: "At the rally."
Korra says: "... We could take away his true power!"
Mako says: "And undermine this whole revolution!"
Korra says: "Thank you, for your help.  We can't just leave him here."
Tarrlok says: "Go. Amon can't know anyone spoke with me.  Defeat him. Put an end to this sad story."
Main Asami Sato Bolin General Iroh Korra Mako Antagonists Equalists Hiroshi Sato Lieutenant Noatak (Amon) Protester Yakone (flashback only) says: "Minor Gommu Naga Pabu Tarrlok White Lotus sentries Yakone's wife (flashback only)"
Shiro Shinobi says: "Airbenders are mysteriously disappearing in Ba Sing Se, including Kai. The Earth Queen denied any knowledge of the airbenders, but Korra refuse to give up her search. Meanwhile, Mako and Bolin met their long lost relatives, who told them that Dai Li agents have been rounding up airbenders for the queen's army. And at a prison in the north, Tonraq and Lord Zuko prepare for Zaheer's imminent attack."
