Korra says: "How did your brother end up becoming Amon?"
Tarrlok says: "It all began with my father,  Yakone. With the help of his former gang,  he escaped prison and underwent surgery to change his appearance.  He assumed a new identity, and settled down in the Northern Water Tribe.  That's where he met my mother,  a warm, caring woman.  Before long, they started a family together.  Amon was the firstborn, under the name Noatak. I was born three years later.  Noatak was a good-natured kid, always looking out for me. Those were the good years.  Before my brother and I discovered we were waterbenders. At first we were excited by our new abilities, but our training brought out a different side of my father."
Yakone says: "Tarrlok, you'd better shape up or you'll be out here in the cold all night until you get it right."
Tarrlok says: "I'm trying, but-"
Yakone says: "Try harder!  Your brother was never this sloppy."
Noatak says: "Dad, he'll get it. He just needs time."
Yakone says: "Don't talk back to me, son! Ever!"
Tarrlok says: "Even back then, my brother wanted everyone to be treated fairly and equally.  When I was seven, my father took me and Noatak on a hunting trip far away from our home.  He told us his true identity was Yakone, Republic City's most notorious crime boss, and that he was once a bloodbender of rare skill."
Tarrlok says: "What's bloodbending?"
Yakone says: "The most powerful and feared form of bending in the world. It was declared illegal thanks to that coward, Katara. Our family has the strongest line of bloodbenders in history. You boys have this power inside of you, and I will teach you to master it."
Noatak says: "What happened to your bending, Dad?"
Yakone says: "The Avatar stole it from me.  That's why I brought you out here, to learn your destiny. You two will become bloodbenders of the highest order. When the time is right, you will claim Republic City and you will destroy the Avatar. You must avenge me. That is your purpose in life."
Tarrlok says: "The good days were behind us.  Every full moon, our father took us on another supposed "hunting trip," where he secretly trained us in bloodbending.  We kept the truth from my mother."
Tarrlok says: "Stop! You're hurting it!"
Yakone says: "Toughen up, Tarrlok! You'll need a thicker skin for this.  Very good, son, very good."
