Bumi says: "Looks like someone's trying to take your place as the Avatar's stick-in-the-mud mentor."
Kya says: "Bumi, don't pick on Tenzin. You know he's always been sensitive."
Tenzin says: "I'm not sensitive!"
Unalaq says: "As your chief, it is my honor to speak at this festival, which was founded to bring our tribes together and restore the ancient balance between our world and that of the spirits. But I am saddened to see what it has become: a cheap carnival that celebrates greedy and trivial humans.  I feel the time is fast approaching when the North can no longer stand idly by while our Southern brothers slip into total spiritual decay. Angry spirits are already attacking ships in your waters. I only hope we are not too late to change course."
Varrick says: "Chief Unalaq everybody, always great to have him in town. Now, let's have some fun with Wacky Wushu's Dancing Otter penguins!"
Bolin says: "Wish me luck.  I'm making my move!  Whee!"
Mako says: "Good luck."
Korra says: "Those two have always creeped me out. They smell like a grandma's attic."
Bolin says: "Hey, I'm Bolin. I'm a friend of Korra's! You're, uh, Eska right? Wow, I'm just, I am loving these robes.  So, you are from the north right? Cool, that's, like you know, that's my favorite direction."
Desna says: "I think  he is trying to  establish some kind of bond with you based on your geographic point of origin."
Eska says: "Perhaps it would be interesting to spend time with a person whose ways are so rough and uncultured.  You amuse me.  I will make you mine."
Bolin says: "You mean like a boyfriend, or like a slave ...?"
Eska says: "Yes.  Win me prizes."
Korra says: "Unalaq offered to train me. He says he can teach me about the spirits and my connection to them."
Mako says: "Sounds good. What does Tenzin think?"
Korra says: "Tenzin thinks I'm his prisoner or one of his kids. I'll never finish training with him in charge."
Game guy says: "We have a winner!"
Korra says: "I mean, you heard what Unalaq said.  The South is spiritually unbalanced and it's the Avatar's job to fix it, but my dad won't even let me think about Unalaq teaching me. Well?"
Mako says: "Well what?"
Korra says: "What do you think I should do?"
Mako says: "I guess you should do what you think is right. I support whatever decision you make."
Korra says: "Oh thanks. That's a big help."
Mako says: "I thought you wanted me to be supportive? Now you want me to tell you what I think? Make up your mind!"
Korra says: "Just forget it."
