Katara says: "I think you forgot a couple of things."
Tenzin says: "Mother, I think I need some time alone with my family right now."
Katara says: "This is your family, Tenzin.  When you get to be my age, you'll be thankful for the time you had with your siblings. Besides, I think it's important that you all visit your father's home together."
Bumi says: "Come on! It'll be fun."
Kya says: "I'm dying to see that laid back, Vacation Tenzin I've heard so much about."
Tenzin says: "All right, hop on! I love you, Mom.  We'll see you soon!"
Korra says: "Do you think I did the right thing?"
Mako says: "I don't know. I'm sorry, but I'm not very good at this Avatar counseling thing. But I know your heart is in the right place. You'll just have to trust it. ."
Unalaq says: "I know this was a hard decision, Korra, but it was the right one. Now it is time to put it behind you and begin your new training. I have great plans for you."
Main Asami Sato Bolin Bumi Korra Kya Mako Tenzin Tonraq Unalaq Antagonists A dark spirit says: "Minor Desna and Eska Engineer Ginger Greenhorn Ikki Jinora Katara Meelo Naga Old salt Pabu Rohan Senna Swami Varrick Zhu Li"
Shiro Shinobi says: "After a hundred and seventy years, there are new airbenders in the world and Bumi is one of them! So too is the mysterious Zaheer, who escaped from his prison thanks to his new ability. Now banished from Republic City, Korra made it her mission to find the new airbenders. Will she and Tenzin be able to bring back the Air Nation?"
Asami says: "Did someone order a fully equipped Future Industries airship?"
Korra says: "It's perfect! Thanks Asami."
Asami says: "I figured if we're going to Ba Sing Se to search for airbenders, we should do it in style."
Meelo says: "Yay, airship!"
Ikki says: "I wanna see!"
Meelo says: "C'mon, Poki."
Kya says: "While you guys are gone, Pema and I will hold down the fort."
Kya says: "Who's excited to spend some time with your Auntie Kya?"
Kya says: "Oh!"
Pema says: "Aw, he likes you."
Korra says: "Mako, I'm so glad you're here."
Mako says: "Of course, Korra.  Avatar. Avatar Korra.  Once I received your message I proceeded to contact various locations within the Earth Kingdom as ordered by you, the Avatar."
Korra says: "Right, the Avatar thanks you for your loyal service. Did you find any more leads?"
Mako says: "There are reports of airbenders popping up all over the Earth Kingdom. I marked the villages on this map.  You guys can take it with you."
Korra says: "Actually, I was kind of hoping you could come, too."
Mako says: "Really? Uh, it's probably better if I sit this one out."
Korra says: "I know things have been weird between us since we broke up, but you're a part of Team Avatar, and we can't do this without you."
Mako says: "I'm sorry, I can't."
Pema says: "I'll miss you, sweetie."
Tenzin says: "I'll miss you too. Once we find the airbenders, I'll send word. You can join us at the Northern Air Temple then."
Ikki says: "Hey! How come Jinora gets to go with you but we don't? That's so not fair!"
Meelo says: "Yeah! What this girl said! Not fair!"
Kya says: "Because if airbenders show up here, they're gonna need some guidance from the two of you. It's a very important job."
Ikki says: "Really? Me, a teacher?  Yay!"
Meelo says: "Those maggots will bow to me!"
Tenzin says: "Go easy on them, son."
