Eska says: "Father, haven't the spirits had ten thousand years to open this portal?"
Desna says: "If they could not succeed, what makes you think we will?"
Unalaq says: "By entering the Spirit World through the portal, we bring with us something the spirits never had: our bending.  Join me! Together, we can open this portal."
Eska says: "Desna!"
Unalaq says: "Leave him! Keep bending!"
Eska says: "He needs a healer at once!"
Unalaq says: "This is more important!"
Eska says: "I'm taking him back."
Varrick says: "I hear you've got some ideas. You wanna tell me about them?"
Mako says: "Go ahead. Torture me all you want. I'm not gonna talk."
Varrick says: "Torture? The only thing I want to torture is this pesky foot fungus.  Ah! Eee! Ooh! The burning means it's working.  I heard you've been investigating the recent attacks on my ships, and I think you know that I know that you know, you know?"
Mako says: "Know what?"
Varrick says: "That the world is a dangerous place, and that's exactly why I want to offer you a job on my security force."
Mako says: "I have a job."
Varrick says: "We need you. Me, Asami, Bolin. We're all in the same team here. We want you to join us. You wouldn't want anything to happen to Asami, would you? I mean, I heard you and her were kind of, uh, an item again. Or what about your brother?"
Mako says: "What are you saying?"
Varrick says: "I'm saying I want your help to protect them. Without you, who knows what could happen."
Mako says: "Thanks for your concern, but the answer is no."
Bumi says: "Oh, you are just so cute. I'm going to name you Bum-Ju. It's short for "Bumi Junior".  Don't you think he looks like me?"
Tenzin says: "The resemblance is uncanny."
Jinora says: "I think Dad's mad at me."
Kya says: "Your father's not mad. His pride's just a little bruised since he isn't able to see spirits like you."
Korra says: "You have a natural gift. That's pretty lucky."
Jinora says: "You're the lucky one. You actually got to meet the first Avatar. I know about a lot of Avatars, but I don't know anything about him. Is it even a him? Or is it her?"
Korra says: "It's a him, Avatar Wan. He was amazing. I saw how he became the first Avatar by fusing with Raava, the Spirit of Light."
Jinora says: "The Avatar is part spirit? Of course! Just like the statue."
Kya says: "What statue?"
Jinora says: "When we were at the Southern Air Temple, I was drawn to this old carving. I couldn't figure out what it was until now. It was the first Avatar."
Korra says: "When did this happen?"
Jinora says: "It was on the solstice."
Korra says: "That's the day I opened the Southern portal."
Korra and Jinora says: "Whoa."
Bumi says: "We're here!"
Tenzin says: "Are you sure these spirits are leading us into the right place?"
Bumi says: "Of course! I trust Bum-Ju with my life."
Korra says: "Look. There are carvings on them."
Tenzin says: "This is an ancient airbender meditation circle."
Jinora says: "There's a lot of spiritual energy in this place, but it feels really strange."
Tenzin says: "We'll have to perform a spiritual cleansing ceremony."
Bumi says: "What are you talking about?"
Tenzin says: "Dad taught it to me. This site has been neglected for many years. A cleansing ceremony will help strengthen its connections to the Spirit World."
Bumi says: "Good job, you cleansed the area of the only spirits that want to help us, and you scared away Bum-Ju."
Tenzin says: "It's working."
Bumi says: "Ah! Bats! Evil bats!"
Korra says: "Not bats. Dark spirits."
Tenzin says: "What are we supposed to do?"
Kya says: "Amazing."
