Female relative says: "Spirits!"
Bolin says: "Okay, guys. We think Korra found her way back here.  Now let's split off into teams and scour the town. Yes, we'll need your help too, Pabu, now just give me a second while I- wait, Pabu? Pabu!"
Yin says: "Why is Bolin hugging that big rat?  Eww,  now he's kissing it!"
Bolin says: "I'm never gonna let you go again!"
Tu says: "Guys, look out! Giant dog beast thingy!"
Mako says: "Okay, all right, Naga. It's good to see you, too. Gah! Stop! You're licking my mouth."
Bolin says: "Asami! Korra!"
Mako says: "You guys are okay!"
Mako says: "Sorry. I was just- It's so good to see you."
Korra says: "It's really good to see you, too.  Both of you."
Lin says: "Good. You guys aren't dead."
Mako says: "Don't get all mushy on me, Chief.  Tonraq. Sir."
Bolin says: "Oh my gosh, it's Lord Zuko! I can't believe it."
Mako says: "Uhm,  forgive my brother. We're just really honored to meet you, Sir."
Zuko says: "It's a pleasure to meet you as well."
Yin says: "You must be the Avatar.  Mako told me so much about you. You are even more beautiful than I imagined."
Mako says: "Uh, actually, that's Asami. This is Avatar Korra. Korra, this is my grandma, Yin."
Yin says: "You are very muscular for a woman."
Korra says: "Uhm, thanks. You too?"
Yin says: "What lovely young women. Mako, why aren't you dating any nice girls like them?"
Asami says: "Uh, so what happened to you two? Where have you been?"
Mako says: "We were captured by Zaheer and taken to Ba Sing Se. We were there when the Earth Queen was overthrown."
Korra says: "What? How did you escape?"
Mako says: "Zaheer let us go."
Korra says: "What? Why would he do that?"
Bolin says: "Because he wanted us to find you and deliver a message."
Mako says: "Zaheer is headed to the Northern Air Temple as we speak. He said he's gonna wipe out the new Air Nation and everyone in it. Unless you turn yourself over to him."
Korra says: "Zaheer's threatening innocent lives just to get to me."
Tonraq says: "He could be bluffing."
Mako says: "He's already taken out the Earth Queen. I don't think he bluffs."
Korra says: "We need to radio Tenzin and warn him that the Red Lotus is coming."
Mako says: "I agree. Unfortunately, we don't have a radio on the airship."
Tonraq says: "There's a portable radio on the jeep, but the signal will never make it to the Northern Air Temple."
Lin says: "We need to get to a place that has a strong radio transmitter. The Metal Clan will have one."
Korra says: "Let's go. We'll radio Su on the way. Hopefully she can get a hold of Tenzin at the air temple by the time we get to Zaofu."
