Tenzin says: "Hello, Mother.  I can't tell you how happy I am to see you.  Please, help me."
Meelo says: "Unhand me, strange woman!"
Tenzin says: "That's your grandmother, Meelo."
Katara says: "It's so good to see all of you."
Jinora says: "Gran Gran, I've been reading all about your old adventures. I've been dying to ask you: What happened to Zuko's mom?"
Katara says: "Well, Jinora, it's an incredible tale--"
Ikki says: "Gran Gran, you look old. How old are you? And why is it so cold in the South Pole?  Can we make a campfire, and all huddle around it, and tell scary stories, and make snowmen?  And then can you make the snowmen move with waterbending and chase us? Wouldn't that be  fuuun? Huh?  Wouldn't it?"
Tenzin says: "Pema, let me help you. Careful now, careful."
Pema says: "Stop doting on me. I'm not helpless, I'm just pregnant."
Katara says: "The baby's strong.  I see another airbender in your future."
Pema says: "All I want is one child like me,  a nice non-bender, who doesn't  blast wind in my face every five seconds."
Meelo says: "Mommy, look,  I'm a snowbender!"
Pema says: "Were Tenzin and his siblings this crazy when they were kids?"
Katara says: "Kya and Bumi certainly were, but  Tenzin has always been ...  rather serious."
Tenzin says: "Mother, please."
Tenzin says: "Korra?  Look at you, so big and strong.  You've grown into quite the young Avatar."
Korra says: "Master Tenzin, I'm so glad you're here. I can't wait to get started."
Tenzin says: "Yes, well ..."
Pema says: "You're going to have to tell her sooner or later."
Korra says: "Tell me what?"
Katara says: "You're not staying, are you?"
Tenzin says: "I'm afraid not. We're only visiting for the night. Then I have to return to Republic City."
Korra says: "But ... no, you're supposed to move here.  You're supposed to teach me."
Tenzin says: "I'm sorry, Korra. Your airbending training is going to have to wait."
Korra says: "So, how long until you're ready to teach me airbending?  A week? A month?"
Tenzin says: "It could be much longer."
Korra says: "I don't understand. Why are you making me wait?"
Tenzin says: "I have a responsibility to Republic City. I am one of its leaders, and the situation there is very unstable right now."
Korra says: "But you also have a responsibility to teach me.  Believe me, I'd be happy to find another airbending master, but you're the only one.  We're stuck with each other."
Tenzin says: "I wish there were another way."
Korra says: "Wait, there is! If you can't stay here, then I'll go back to Republic City with you! It's perfect!"
White Lotus leader says: "Absolutely not!  The city is far too dangerous. Avatar Aang tasked us with keeping you safe while you mastered the four elements."
Korra says: "I get that, but I don't think keeping me locked up in this compound like a prisoner is what he had in mind."
Tenzin says: "I know this is difficult to accept, but it's not the right time for you to come to the city."
Korra says: "Whatever."
