Tenzin says: "The other Avatars may not be able to help you anymore, but, perhaps I can."
Korra says: "No one can help me now."
Tenzin says: "I know I haven't been the best mentor to you. But I realized it was because I had a lot of spiritual growth to do myself. There may still be a way for you to stop Vaatu."
Korra says: "How?"
Tenzin says: "Let go of your attachment to who you think you are, and connect with your inner spirit."
Korra says: "Haven't you heard anything I said? Raava is gone. I'm not connected to her spirit anymore."
Tenzin says: "I'm not talking about Raava. Raava is not who you are.  Come with me, I need to show you something."
Korra says: "Why are you showing me Vaatu's prison?"
Tenzin says: "Because this tree had a history long before it held Vaatu. This is the Tree of Time. And the legends say its roots bind the spirit and physical worlds together."
Korra says: "And, you think this tree can help me somehow?"
Tenzin says: "Yes. I have read that long ago, the ancients would meditate beneath this tree and connect with the great cosmic energy of the universe."
Korra says: "These are my memories."
Tenzin says: "The Tree of Time remembers all. Korra, the most powerful thing about you is not the spirit of Raava, but your own inner spirit. You have always been strong, unyielding, fearless."
Korra says: "Avatar Wan."
Tenzin says: "Before he fused with Raava, Wan was just a regular person."
Korra says: "But, he was brave, and ... smart, and always wanted to defend the helpless."
Tenzin says: "That's right. He became a legend because of who he was, not what he was. He wasn't defined by Raava anymore than you are."
Korra says: "Everyone in Republic City is in danger."
Tenzin says: "You have to help them, Korra."
Korra says: "How? We're half-way around the world."
Tenzin says: "Do as the ancients once did. Connect to the cosmic energy of the universe. Don't bend the elements, but the energy within yourself."
Korra says: "You really think I can do this?"
Tenzin says: "I have no doubt."
Korra says: "Thank you for not giving up on me."
Tenzin says: "I'm proud of you."
Wan says: "If you and Vaatu have the same fight every ten thousand years, why hasn't one of you destroyed the other?"
Raava says: "He cannot destroy light, anymore than I can destroy darkness. One cannot exist without the other."
Unavaatu says: "Find the light in the dark."
