Warden says: "Are you comfortable, Chit Sang?"
Chit Sang says: "If you're trying to get me to talk, forget it!  I'm not a squealer!"
Warden says: "Chit Sang, I only asked if you were comfortable."
Chit Sang says: "Well, yeah, actually I am pretty comfortable."
Warden says: "Are you still comfortable?"
Chit Sang says: "No."
Warden says: "I know you and your cronies are not smart enough to come up with that little escape plan. So you're gonna tell me ...  who is?"
Sokka says: "So where's Bato?  Where's everyone else from the invasion?"
Hakoda says: "The others are being held at a prison near the Fire Nation palace. They singled me out as their leader and sent me here.  But before I left, I met some young women who said they knew you. The ... Oshinama Fighters?"
Sokka says: "You mean the Kyoshi Warriors?"
Hakoda says: "That's right."
Sokka says: "Their leader Suki is here and she's gonna escape with us."
Hakoda says: "Good. We'll need all the help we can get."
Sokka says: "And you know Prince Zuko?"
Hakoda says: "The son of the Fire Lord? I don't know him, but I know of him."
Sokka says: "Well, he's here too."
Hakoda says: "Sounds like a major problem."
Sokka says: "Actually, he's on our side now.  I know. I had the same reaction. After all he's done, it was hard to trust him. But he's really proven himself, and I never would've found you without his help."
Hakoda says: "So, do you have a plan?"
Sokka says: "We had one, but some of the other prisoners got involved and ruined it.  I dunno if there's another way off this island."
Hakoda says: "Sokka, there's no prison in the world that can hold two Water Tribe geniuses."
Sokka says: "Then we'd better find two."
Sokka says: "Zuko, are you there?"
Zuko says: "I'm here."
Sokka says: "I just got done talking to my dad. We came up with an escape plan together."
Male guard says: "What are you doing here?"
Sokka says: "I was just telling this dirty lowlife what I think of him!"
Male guard says: "Well, you'll have to do that later. He's coming with us."
Sokka says: "Why?"
Female guard says: "Because we have orders straight from the warden, that's why!"
Sokka says: "Could I just get ten more seconds to rough him up a bit?"
Female guard says: "Fine, ten seconds."
Sokka says: "Take that ... and this!"
Male guard says: "Newbie."
