Lao says: "Blow on it. It's too hot for her."
Aang says: "Allow me."
Poppy says: "Avatar Aang, it's an honor to have you visit us."
Lao says: "In your opinion, how much longer do think the war will last?"
Aang says: "I'd like to defeat the Fire Lord by the end of summer, but I can't do that without finding an earthbending teacher first."
Lao says: "Well, Master Yu is the finest teacher in the land.  He's been teaching Toph since she was little."
Aang says: "Then she must be a great earthbender! Probably good enough to teach someone else!  Ow!"
Yu says: "Toph is still learning the basics."
Lao says: "Yes, and sadly, because of her blindness, I don't think she will ever become a true master."
Aang says: "Oh, I'm sure she's better than you think she is."
Toph says: "What's your problem?!"
Aang says: "What's your problem?"
Poppy says: "Well, shall we move to the living room for dessert, then?"
Aang says: "Good night, buddy."
Toph says: "Relax. Look, I'm sorry about dinner. Let's call a truce, okay?  Even though I was born blind, I've never had a problem seeing.  I see with earthbending. It's kind of like seeing with my feet. I feel the vibrations in the Earth, and I can see where everything is.  You, that tree ...  even those ants."
Aang says: "That's amazing."
Toph says: "My parents don't understand. They've always treated me like I was helpless."
Aang says: "Is that why you became the Blind Bandit?"
Toph says: "Yeah."
Aang says: "Then why stay here where you're not happy?"
Toph says: "They're my parents. Where else am I supposed to go?"
Aang says: "You could come with us."
Toph says: "Yeah. You guys get to go wherever you want. No one telling you what to do, that's the life. It's just not my life.  We're being ambushed!"
Xin Fu says: "I think you kids owe me some money."
Sokka says: "Whoever took Aang and Toph left this."
Katara says: ""If you want to see your daughter again, bring five hundred gold pieces to the arena." It's signed Xin Fu and The Boulder."
Sokka says: "I can't believe it ...  I have The Boulder's autograph!"
Lao says: "Master Yu, I need you to help me get my daughter back."
Katara says: "We're going with you."
Poppy says: "Poor Toph, she must be so scared ..."
Toph says: "You think you're so tough?  Why don't you come up here so I can snap that grin off your face?"
Xin Fu says: "I'm not smiling."
Lao says: "Toph!"
Sokka says: "Here's your money.  Now let them go."
Katara says: "What about Aang?"
Xin Fu says: "I think the Fire Nation will pay a hefty price for the Avatar. Now, get out of my ring."
Aang says: "Go, I'll be okay."
Katara says: "Toph, there's too many of them. We need an earthbender. We need you!"
Lao says: "My daughter is blind. She is blind and tiny and helpless and fragile. She cannot help you!"
Toph says: "Yes, I can."
Toph says: "Let him go! I beat you all before and I'll do it again!"
The Boulder says: "The Boulder takes issue with that comment."
Toph says: "Wait!  They're mine."
Aang says: "Hit it harder!"
Sokka says: "I'm trying!"
Yu says: "I never knew. Your daughter's amazing!"
Yu says: "She's the greatest earthbender I've ever seen."
