Azula says: "We have been presented with an extraordinary opportunity, girls."
Ty Lee says: "Mai finally gets to wear make-up that's not totally depressing?"
Mai says: "Ha, ha."
Azula says: "I'm talking about conquering the whole Earth Kingdom.  For one hundred years, the Fire Nation has hammered away at Ba Sing Se from the outside.  But now we're on the inside, and we can take it by ourselves."
Ty Lee says: "Gosh, you're so confident. I really admire that about you."
Azula says: "From the inside, we're in perfect position to organize a coup and overthrow the Earth King. The key is the Dai Li. Whoever controls the Dai Li  controls Ba Sing Se."
Pathik says: "In order to master the Avatar State, you must open all the chakras. Aang, tell me everything you know about chakras."
Aang says: "What are chakras?"
Pathik says: "Oh, I see. I guess we'll start with the basics.  The water flows through this creek, much like the energy flows through your body. As you see, there are several pools where the water swirls around before flowing on. These pools are like our chakras."
Aang says: "So chakras are pools of spiraling energy in our bodies?"
Pathik says: "Exactly. If nothing else were around, this creek would flow pure and clear. However, life is messy, and things tend to fall in the creek. And then what happens?"
Aang says: "The creek can't flow?"
Pathik says: "Yes. But, if we open the ponds between the pools ..."
Aang says: "The energy flows!"
Pathik says: "There are seven chakras that go up the body. Each pool of energy has a purpose, and can be blocked by a specific kind of emotional muck. Be warned, opening the chakras is an intense experience, and once you begin the process, you cannot stop until all seven are open. Are you ready?"
Aang says: "I'll do whatever it takes."
Pathik says: "First we will open the Earth Chakra, located at the base of the spine. It deals with survival, and is blocked by fear. What are you most afraid of? Let your fears become clear to you."
Pathik says: "Aang, your vision is not real. You are concerned for your survival, but you must surrender those fears. Let your fears flow down the creek.  You have opened your Earth Chakra!"
Pathik says: "Next is the ..."
Aang says: "Water Chakra?"
Pathik says: "Brilliant! Maybe one day you will be a guru too! This chakra deals with pleasure and is blocked by guilt. Now, look at all the guilt with burdens you so. What do you blame yourself for?"
Aang says: "I ran away.  I hurt all of those people."
Pathik says: "Accept the reality that these things happened, but do not let them cloud and poison your energy. If you are to be a positive influence on the world, you need to forgive yourself."
