Zuko says: "Shelter."
Aang says: "Roku, the Water Tribe's under attack. I need to find the Ocean and the Moon Spirits."
Roku says: "The Ocean and the Moon are ancient spirits. They crossed over the Spirit World to the mortal world very near the beginning. There is only one spirit I know of who is old enough to remember."
Aang says: "Who?"
Roku says: "The spirit's name is Koh, but he is very dangerous. They call him the Face Stealer.  When you speak with him, you must be very careful to show no emotion at all. Not the slightest expression, or he will steal your face."
Zuko says: "I finally have you, but I can't get you home because of this blizzard.  There's always something. Not that you would understand. You're like my sister. Everything always came easy to her. She's a firebending prodigy, and everyone adores her. My father says she was born lucky. He says I was lucky to be born. I don't need luck, though. I don't want it. I've always had to struggle and fight and that's made me strong. It's made me who I am."
Iroh says: "I don't need to remind you we have a time limit. If we don't defeat the Water Tribe before the full moon rises, they will be undefeatable."
Zhao says: "I assure you I have everything under control. I intend to remove the moon as a factor."
Iroh says: "Remove the moon? How?"
Hahn says: "Admiral Choi! Prepare to meet your fate!"
Zhao says: "As I was saying, years ago I stumble upon a great and powerful secret: the identity of the Moon Spirit's mortal form."
Iroh says: "What?"
Zhao says: "I was a young lieutenant serving under General Shu in the Earth Kingdom.  I discovered a hidden library. Underground, in fact. I tore through scroll after scroll. One of them contained a detailed illustration, and the words "moon" and "ocean". I knew then that these spirits could be found and killed.  And that it was my destiny to do so."
Iroh says: "Zhao, the spirits are not to be trifled with!"
Zhao says: "Yes, yes ... I know you fear the spirits, Iroh. I've heard rumors about your journey into the Spirit World. But the Ocean and Moon gave up their immortality to become a part of our world. And now they will face the consequences."
Aang says: "You're just a curly tailed blue nose."
Aang says: "Aaahhh!  Show no fear. Show no emotion at all."
Aang says: "Hello? I-I'm looking for a spirit named 'Koh'."
Koh says: "Welcome!"
Aang says: "Thank you."
Koh says: "My old friend, the Avatar. It's been a long time."
Aang says: "You know me?"
Koh says: "How could I forget  you? One of your previous incarnations tried to slay me! Nearly eight or nine hundred years ago."
Aang says: "I didn't know that. Why did he, or I, try to kill you?"
Koh says: "Oh, it was something about stealing the face of someone you loved.  Of course, that's all behind us. Why should I hold a grudge against you for something in a past life? After all, you're a different person now.  You've come to me ... with a new face."
