Sokka says: "I just want to say, good effort out there today, Team Avatar!"
Katara says: "Enough with the Team Avatar stuff. No matter how many times you say it, it's not going to catch on."
Sokka says: "How about ...  the Boomeraang Squad! See it's good because it's got "Aang" in it. Boomeraang."
Aang says: "I kind of like that one."
Katara says: "Let's talk about this on our way into the city."
Sokka says: "The Aang Gang?"
Katara says: "Sokka ..."
Sokka says: "The Fearsome Foursome?"
Toph says: "You're crazy."
Sokka says: "Why? We're fearsome!"
Main Aang Iroh Jet Katara Longshot Momo Smellerbee Sokka Toph Zuko Antagonists Azula Mai Qin Ty Lee says: "Minor Fire Nation engineers Hope Sung Than Than's sister Terra Team soldiers Ticket woman Ying"
Katara says: "Waterbending bomb! Yeah!"
Sokka says: "Sure, five thousand year-old maps from the spirit library. Just splash some water on 'em."
Katara says: "Sorry."
Aang says: "So, did you figure out what route we're going to take?"
Sokka says: "Okay, we just got out of the desert, so we must be around here. And we need to go to Ba Sing Se, which is here. It looks like the only passage connecting the south to the north is this sliver of land called the Serpent's Pass."
Toph says: "You sure that's the best way to go?"
Sokka says: "It's the only way. I mean, it's not like we have Appa to fly us there."
Katara says: "Shush up about Appa. Can't you at least try to be sensitive?"
Aang says: "Katara, it's okay. I know I was upset about losing Appa before, but I just want to focus on getting to Ba Sing Se and telling the Earth King about the solar eclipse."
Katara says: "Oh ... well, okay. I'm glad you're doing better."
Sokka says: "Then to Ba Sing Se we go. No more distractions."
Than says: "Hello there, fellow refugees!"
Aang says: "So, you guys are headed to Ba Sing Se, too?"
Than says: "Sure are. We're trying to get there before my wife Ying has her baby."
Katara says: "Great! We can travel through the Serpent's Pass together."
Ying says: "The Serpent's Pass? Only the truly desperate take that deadly route!"
Toph says: "Deadly route.  Great pick, Sokka!"
Sokka says: "Well, we are desperate."
Than says: "You should come with us to Full Moon Bay. Ferries take refugees across the lake. It's the fastest way to Ba Sing Se."
Ying says: "And it's hidden, so the Fire Nation can't find it."
Katara says: "Hmm ... peaceful ferry ride or deadly pass?"
Katara says: "I can't believe how many people's lives have been uprooted by the Fire Nation."
Than says: "We're all looking for a better life, safe behind the walls of Ba Sing Se."
Iroh says: "Who would have thought after all these years, I'd return to the scene of my greatest military disgrace ...  as a tourist!"
Zuko says: "Look around. We're not tourists, we're refugees.  Ugh! I'm sick of eating rotten food, sleeping in the dirt. I'm tired of living like this!"
Jet says: "Aren't we all? My name's Jet and these are my Freedom Fighters, Smellerbee and Longshot."
Smellerbee says: "Hey."
Zuko says: "Hello."
Jet says: "Here's the deal. I hear the captain's eating like a king while the refugees have to feed off his scraps. Doesn't seem fair, does it?"
Iroh says: "What sort of king is he eating like?"
Jet says: "The fat, happy kind.  You want to help us "liberate" some food?"
Zuko says: "I'm in."
Ticket lady says: "I told you already ... no vegetables on the ferry! One cabbage slug could destroy the entire ecosystem of Ba Sing Se! Security!"
Cabbage merchant says: "Ahhh! My cabbages!"
Ticket lady says: "Next!"
Aang says: "Um, four tickets for the ferry to Ba Sing Se, please."
Ticket lady says: "Passports?"
Aang says: "Uh ... no one told us we had to have passports."
Sokka says: "Don't you know who this is? He's the Avatar!"
Ticket lady says: "Ah, I see fifty Avatars a day and, by the way, not a very impressive costume.  Besides, no animals allowed. Do I need to call security?"
Aang says: "That won't be necessary."
Ticket lady says: "Next!"
Toph says: "I'll take care of this. My name is Toph Beifong, and I'll need four tickets."
Ticket lady says: "Ah, the golden seal of the flying boar! It is my pleasure to help anyone of the Beifong family."
Toph says: "It is your pleasure. As you can see, I am blind and these three imbeciles are my valets."
Ticket lady says: "But, the animal-"
Toph says: "-is my seeing-eye lemur."
Ticket lady says: "Well, normally it's only one ticket per passport, but this document is so official ... I guess it's worth four tickets."
Toph says: "Thank you very much."
Sokka says: "All right, we scammed that lady good!"
Suki says: "Tickets and passports please."
Sokka says: "Is there a problem?"
Suki says: "Yeah, I got a problem with you! I've seen your type before. Probably sarcastic, think you're hilarious and let me guess, you're traveling with the Avatar."
Sokka says: "Do I know you?"
Suki says: "You mean you don't remember? Maybe you'll remember this!"
Sokka says: "Suki!"
Suki says: "Sokka, it's good to see you!"
Katara says: "You look so different without your makeup! And the new outfit."
Suki says: "That crabby lady makes all the security guards wear them. And look at you, sleeveless guy. Been working out?"
Sokka says: "Ahhh, I'll grab a tree branch and do a few chin touches every now and then. Nothing major."
Aang says: "Are the other Kyoshi Warriors around?"
Suki says: "Yeah. After you left Kyoshi, we wanted to find a way to help people. We ended up escorting some refugees and we've been here ever since.  Hi, Momo! Good to see you too!  So why are you guys getting tickets for the ferry? Wouldn't you just fly across on Appa?"
Katara says: "Appa is missing. We hope to find him in Ba Sing Se."
Suki says: "I'm so sorry to hear that.  Are you doing okay?"
Aang says: "I'm doing fine. Would everybody stop worrying about me?"
Ying says: "Avatar Aang, you have to help us! Someone took all of our belongings; our passports, our tickets, everything's gone!"
Aang says: "I'll talk to the lady for you."
Ticket lady says: "No passports, no tickets!"
Aang says: "But she's pregnant and all of her stuff was stolen! You have to make an exception!"
Ticket lady says: "No exceptions! If I just gave away tickets willy-nilly to anyone, there would be no more order! You know what that means, no more civilization!"
Aang says: "What if we gave them our tickets?"
Ticket lady says: "No!"
Aang says: "But ..."
Ticket lady says: "Next!"
Aang says: "Don't worry, you'll get to the city safely. I'll lead you through the Serpent's Pass."
Sokka says: "I can't believe we gave up our tickets and now we're going through the Serpent's Pass."
Toph says: "I can't believe you're still complaining about it."
Suki says: "I'm coming too!"
Sokka says: "Are you sure that's a good idea?"
Suki says: "Sokka, I thought you'd want me to come."
Sokka says: "I do, it's just–"
Suki says: "Just what?"
Sokka says: "Nothing. I'm glad you're coming."
Sokka says: "This is the Serpent's Pass? I thought it would be a little more wind-y, you know, like a serpent. Huh, I guess they misnamed it."
Ying says: "Look at this writing! How awful!"
Toph says: "What does it say?"
Katara says: "It says, "abandon hope"."
Ying says: "How can we abandon hope? It's all we have!"
Aang says: "I don't know. The monks used to say that hope was just a distraction, so maybe we do need to abandon it."
Katara says: "What are you talking about?"
Aang says: "Hope is not going to get us into Ba Sing Se and it's not going to help find Appa. We need to focus on what we're doing right now and that's getting across this path."
Katara says: "Okay, if you say so."
Suki says: "The Fire Nation controls the western lake. Rumor has it they're working on something big on the other side of it and don't want anyone to find out what it is."
Than says: "I'm okay!"
Sokka says: "They've spotted us! Let's go, let's go!"
Sokka says: "Suki, are you okay? You have to be more careful! Come on!"
Toph says: ""Thanks for saving my life, Toph." Hey, no problem, Sokka."
Sokka says: "Suki, you shouldn't sleep there. Who knows how stable this ledge is, it could give away at any moment!"
Suki says: "Sokka, I'm fine, stop worrying!"
Sokka says: "You're right, you're right, you're perfectly capable of taking care of yourself! Wait! Oh, never mind, I thought I saw a spider, but, you're fine."
Smellerbee says: "Guard's coming!"
Katara says: "You know, it's okay to miss Appa.  What's going on with you? In the desert, all you cared about was finding Appa and now it's like you don't care about him at all."
Aang says: "You saw what I did out there. I was so angry about losing Appa that I couldn't control myself. I hated feeling like that."
Katara says: "But now you're not letting yourself feel anything. I know sometimes it hurts more to hope and it hurts more to care. But you have to promise me that you won't stop caring.  Come on, you need a hug."
Aang says: "Thank you for your concern, Katara."
Suki says: "It's a beautiful moon."
Sokka says: "Yeah, it really is."
Suki says: "Look, I know you're just trying to help, but I can take care of myself."
Sokka says: "I know you can."
Suki says: "Then why are you acting so overprotective?"
Sokka says: "It's so hard to lose someone you care about. Something happened at the North Pole and I couldn't protect someone. I don't want anything like that to ever happen again."
Suki says: "I lost someone I care about. He didn't die, he just went away. I only had a few days to get to know him, but he was smart and brave and funny ..."
Sokka says: "Who is this guy? Is he taller than me?"
Suki says: "No, he's about your height."
Sokka says: "Is he better-looking?"
Suki says: "It is you, stupid!"
Sokka says: "Oh!"
Sokka says: "I can't."
Suki says: "I'm sorry."
Sokka says: "No, you shouldn't be."
Iroh says: "So, Smellerbee. That's an unusual name for a young man."
Smellerbee says: "Maybe it's because I'm not a man ... I'm a girl!"
Iroh says: "Oh, now I see. It's a beautiful name for a lovely girl!"
Smellerbee says: "I know, you're right. As long as I'm confident with who I am, it doesn't matter what other people think. Thanks, Longshot."
Jet says: "From what I heard, people eat like this every night in Ba Sing Se. I can't wait to set my eyes on that giant wall."
Iroh says: "It is a magnificent sight."
Jet says: "So you've been there before?"
Iroh says: "Once. When I was a ... different man."
Jet says: "I've done some things in my past that I'm not proud of, but that's why I'm going to Ba Sing Se: for a new beginning. A second chance."
Iroh says: "That's very noble of you. I believe people can change their lives if they want to. I believe in second chances."
Katara says: "Everyone single file!  Aang, I need help!"
Katara says: "What is that thing?"
Sokka says: "I think I just figured out why they call it the Serpent's Pass! Suki, you know about giant sea monsters, make it go away!"
Suki says: "Just because I live near the unagi doesn't mean I'm an expert!"
Sokka says: "Oh great and powerful sea serpent, please accept this humble and tasty offering. Thank you."
Katara says: "Sokka!"
Aang says: "I'll distract it. Katara, get everyone across!"
Sokka says: "Toph, come on, it's just ice!"
Toph says: "Actually, I'm going to stay on my little island, where I can see!  Okay, I'm coming!"
Sokka says: "You're doing great! Just follow the sound of my voice!"
Toph says: "It's hard to ignore."
Sokka says: "You're almost there!"
Toph says: "Help! I can't swim!"
Sokka says: "I'm coming, Toph!"
Toph says: "Help!"
Toph says: "Oh Sokka, you saved me!"
Suki says: "Actually, it's me."
Toph says: "Oh ... well ...  you can go ahead and let me drown now."
Sokka says: "There's the wall! Now it's nothing but smooth sailing to Ba Sing Se."
Ying says: "Oh no!"
Sokka says: "What's wrong?"
Ying says: "The baby's coming!"
Sokka says: "What? Now? Can't you hold it in or something?"
Katara says: "Sokka, calm down. I helped Gran-Gran deliver lots of babies back home."
Sokka says: "This isn't the same as delivering an arctic seal! This is a real ... human ... thing!"
Katara says: "It's called a baby and I helped her deliver plenty of those, too. Aang, get some rags. Sokka, water. Toph, I need you to make an earth tent, a big one.  Suki, come with me."
Jet says: "You know, as soon as I saw your scar, I knew exactly who you were. You're an outcast, like me. And us outcasts have to stick together. We have to watch each other's backs. Because no one else will."
Zuko says: "I've realized lately that being on your own isn't always the best path."
Katara says: "You're doing great, Ying. Sokka, where's that water? Now get ready to push. One ... two ...  ... three, push!"
Katara says: "It's a girl!"
Toph says: "So, you want to go see the baby, or are you going to faint like an old lady again?"
Sokka says: "No, no, I'm good this time."
Katara says: "Aang, you have to come see this."
Toph says: "She sounds healthy."
Katara says: "She's beautiful."
Sokka says: "It's so ... squishy looking."
Than says: "What should we name her?"
Ying says: "I want our daughter's name to be unique. I want it to mean something."
Aang says: "I've been going through a really hard time lately. But you've made me ... hopeful again."
Ying says: "I know what I want to name our baby now. Hope."
Than says: "That's a perfect name. Hope."
Aang says: "I thought I was trying to be strong. But really I was just running away from my feelings. Seeing this family together, so full of happiness and love, it's reminded me how I feel about Appa ... and how I feel about you."
Aang says: "I promise, I'll find Appa as fast as I can. I just really need to do this."
Sokka says: "See you in the big city."
Toph says: "Say hi to that big fuzzball for me."
Katara says: "You'll find him, Aang."
Aang says: "I know. Thank you, Katara. You ready, Momo?"
Suki says: "Sokka, it's been really great to see you again."
Sokka says: "Whoa, hold on. Why does it sound like you're saying goodbye?"
Suki says: "I came along because I wanted to make sure you got through the Serpent's Pass safely. But now I need to get back to the other Kyoshi Warriors."
Sokka says: "So you came along to protect me?"
Suki says: "Listen, I'm really sorry about last night. We were talking ... and saying things ... and I just got carried away and before I knew it -"
Sokka says: "You talk too much."
Aang says: "Sorry Momo, Appa's going to have to wait."
Main Aang Iroh Jet Katara Momo Sokka Suki Than Toph Ying Zuko Antagonists Fire Nation soldiers says: "Minor Cabbage merchant Hope Longshot Passport attendant Smellerbee Than's sister"
Bodyguard says: "Line 'em up for the warden!"
