Katara says: "Please don't go Aang. The world can't afford to lose you to the Fire Nation.  Neither can I."
Aang says: "But I have to talk to Avatar Roku to find out what my vision means!  I need to get to the Fire Temple before the sun sets on the solstice. That's today!"
Katara says: "We're not letting you go into the Fire Nation, Aang."
Sokka says: "At least, not without your friends. We got your back.  Ew!"
Senlin Village leader says: "It's a long journey to the Crescent Island.  You'll have to fly fast to have any chance of making it before sundown. Good luck."
Aang says: "Thank you for your-"
Senlin Village leader says: "Go!"
Zuko says: "Having trouble sleeping?  Seen the Avatar lately?"
Aang says: "Come on boy, we've got a long way to go. Faster!"
Iroh says: "Sailing into Fire Nation waters ... Of all the foolish things you've done in your sixteen years, Prince Zuko, this is the most foolish!"
Zuko says: "I have no choice, Uncle."
Iroh says: "Have you completely forgotten that the Fire Lord banished you?  What if you're caught?"
Zuko says: "I'm chasing the Avatar! My father will understand why I am returning home!"
Iroh says: "You give him too much credit. My brother is not the understanding type!"
Zuko says: "There they are. Helmsman! Full steam ahead!"
Katara says: "Aang. We've got trouble!"
Sokka says: "Yeah! And it's gaining, fast!"
Iroh says: "Uh, really Prince Zuko, couldn't you shoot them down with something more fragrant?"
Zuko says: "On my mark! Fire!"
Katara says: "Fireball!"
Aang says: "I'm on it!"
Katara says: "We have to get out of Zuko's range, before he shoots another hot stinker at us!"
Sokka says: "Can't you make Appa go any faster?"
Aang says: "Yeah. But there's just one little problem."
Zuko says: "A blockade."
Iroh says: "Technically you are still in Earth Kingdom waters. Turn back now and they cannot arrest you."
Aang says: "If we fly north, we can go around the Fire Nation ships and avoid the blockade! It's the only way."
Katara says: "There's no time!"
Aang says: "This is exactly why I didn't want you to come! It's too dangerous!"
Katara says: "And that's exactly why we're here."
Sokka says: "Let's run this blockade!"
Aang says: "Appa, yip-yip!"
Zuko says: "He's not turning around!"
Iroh says: "Please Prince Zuko! If the Fire Nation captures you, there is nothing I can do! Do not follow the Avatar."
Zuko says: "I'm sorry, Uncle.  Run the blockade!"
Zhao says: "The Avatar.  And the banished prince.  This must be my lucky day."
Captain says: "Commander Zhao. What are your orders?"
Zhao says: "Shoot the bison down, captain."
Captain says: "But there's a Fire Navy ship out there, sir! One of our own! What if it's hit?"
Zhao says: "So be it.  It belongs to a traitor.  Ignite. Launch!"
Aang says: "Appa, are you okay?"
Engineer says: "Prince Zuko! The engines are damaged! We need to stop and make repairs!"
Zuko says: "Do not stop this ship."
Zhao says: "Launch!"
Aang says: "Sokka!"
Zhao says: "Ready ..."
Zhao says: "Fire!"
Aang says: "We made it!"
Sokka says: "We got into the Fire Nation.  Great."
Captain says: "Where do you think the Avatar is headed, sir?"
Zhao says: "I'm not sure.  But I bet a certain banished prince will know."
