Toph says: "What's going on?  We're surrounded by old people."
Katara says: "Not just any old people.  These are great masters and friends of ours.  Pakku."
Pakku says: "It is respectful to bow to an old master,  but how about a hug for your new grandfather?"
Katara says: "That's so exciting!  You and Gran-Gran must be so happy to have found each other again!"
Pakku says: "I made her a new betrothal necklace and everything."
Sokka says: "Welcome to the family, Gramp-Gramp!"
Pakku says: "You can still just call me Pakku."
Sokka says: "How about Grand-Pakku?"
Pakku says: "No."
Katara says: "And this was Aang's first firebending teacher."
Jeong Jeong says: "Jeong Jeong."
Sokka says: "Master Piandao."
Piandao says: "Hello, Sokka."
Suki says: "So wait. How do you all know each other?"
Bumi says: "All old people know each other. Don't you know that?"
Piandao says: "We're all part of the same ancient secret society. A group that transcends the divisions of the four nations."
Zuko says: "The Order of the White Lotus."
Bumi says: "That's the one."
Jeong Jeong says: "The White Lotus has always been about philosophy and beauty and truth.  But about a month ago, a call went out that we were needed for something important."
Pakku says: "It came from a Grand Lotus: your uncle,  Iroh of the Fire Nation."
Toph says: "Well, that's who we're looking for."
Piandao says: "Then we'll take you to him."
Bumi says: "Wait! Someone's missing from your group.  Someone very important.  Where's Momo?"
Sokka says: "He's gone.  And so is Aang."
Bumi says: "Oh well.  So long as they have each other, I'm sure we have nothing to worry about. Let's go!"
Aang says: "Avatar Kyoshi. I need your wisdom."
Kyoshi says: "In my day,  Chin the Conqueror threatened to throw the world out of balance.  I stopped him.  And the world entered a great era of peace."
Aang says: "You didn't really kill Chin.  Technically, he fell to his own doom because he was too stubborn to get out of the way."
Kyoshi says: "Personally, I don't really see the difference, but I assure you, I would have done whatever it took to stop Chin.  I offer you this wisdom, Aang: Only justice will bring peace."
Aang says: "I knew I shouldn't have asked Kyoshi."
