Kwan says: "Good morning class. Recite the Fire Nation oath."
Class says: "My life I give to my country, with my hands I fight for Fire Lord Ozai and our forefathers before him."
Aang says: "Fire Lord ... forefathers ..."
Class says: "With my mind I seek ways to better my country, and with my feet may our March of Civilization continue."
Aang says: "Firebenders ... Fire Lord ... wah, bah, blah, blah."
Kwan says: "Since it's obviously hilarious to mock our national oath, we'll begin with a pop quiz on our great March of Civilization.  Question one: What year did Fire Lord Sozin battle the Air Nation army?  Kuzon?"
Aang says: "Is that a trick question? The Air Nomads didn't have a formal military. Sozin defeated them by ambush."
Kwan says: "Well, I don't know how you could possibly know more than our national history book. Unless you were there a hundred years ago."
Aang says: "I'll just write down my best guess."
Music teacher says: "Kuzon?"
Aang says: "I know, I'm a terrible tsungi hornist."
Music teacher says: "No, child. That hullabaloo going on with your feet. Is that a nervous disorder?"
Aang says: "I was just dancing. You do dances here in the homeland, right?"
Shoji says: "Not really, no."
Music teacher says: "Dancing is not conducive to a proper learning environment. Young people must have rigid discipline and order."
Aang says: "But what about expressing yourself?"
Music teacher says: "I know sometimes we're so ruled by our love for our nation that we can't control our own bodies.  If you must, you may march in place quietly next time the urge hits you."
On Ji says: "Uh, hi, Kuzon. I really liked that crazy dance you were doing."
Aang says: "Thanks On Ji. I could show it to you again if you like. Ah!"
Hide says: "What'd you say, colony trash? You're gonna show her something?"
Aang says: "Just some dance movements."
Hide says: "Nobody shows my On Ji anything, especially movements!"
Headmaster says: "Picking fights on your second day? We need to have a conference to discuss your punishment. Bring your parents to my office after school."
Aang says: "Parents? But-"
Headmaster says: "Don't be late!"
Headmaster says: "Thank you for coming, Mr. and Mrs ..."
Sokka says: "Fire.  Wang Fire.  This is my wife, Sapphire."
Katara says: "Sapphire Fire. Nice to meet you."
Headmaster says: "Mr. and Mrs ... Fire, your son has been enrolled here for two days and he's already causing problems. He's argued with his history teacher, disrupted music class, and roughed up my star pupil."
Katara says: "My goodness! That doesn't sound like our Kuzon."
Headmaster says: "That's what any mother would say, Ma'am. Nonetheless, you're forewarned; if he acts up one more time, I'll have him sent to reform school-  by which I mean the coal mines. Are we clear?"
Sokka says: "Don't you worry, Mr. Headmaster. I'll straighten this boy out somethin' fierce!  Young man, as soon as we get home you're gonna get the punishment of a lifetime!"
Headmaster says: "That's what I like to hear."
