Zuko says: "No one can make tea like Uncle , but hopefully I learned a thing or two. Would you like to hear Uncle's favorite tea joke?"
Katara says: "Sure."
Aang says: "I like jokes."
Toph says: "Bring it!"
Zuko says: "Okay.  Well, I can't remember how it starts, but the punch line  is "Leaf me alone, I'm bushed!"  Well, it's funnier when Uncle tells it."
Katara says: "Right ... maybe that's because he remembers the whole thing."
Toph says: "It's nice to get a chance to relax a little. It hardly ever happens."
Sokka says: "Hey, can I talk to you for a second?"
Zuko says: "So, what's up?"
Sokka says: "If someone was captured by the Fire Nation, where would they be taken?"
Zuko says: "What do you mean? Who was captured?"
Sokka says: "When the invasion plan failed, some of our troops were taken. I just want to know where they might be."
Zuko says: "I can't tell you."
Sokka says: "What? Why not?"
Zuko says: "Trust me. Knowing would just make you feel worse."
Sokka says: "It's my dad. He was captured too. I need to know what I put him through."
Zuko says: "It's not good, Sokka."
Sokka says: "Please."
Zuko says: "My guess is, they were taken to the Boiling Rock."
Sokka says: "What's that?"
Zuko says: "The highest security prison in the Fire Nation.  It's on an island in the middle of a boiling lake. It's inescapable."
Sokka says: "So, where is this place?"
Zuko says: "Why do you need to know? What are you planning?"
Sokka says: "Nothing.  Boy, you're so paranoid."
Zuko says: "It's in the middle of a volcano between here and the Fire Nation. You guys actually flew right past it on your way here."
Sokka says: "Thanks, Zuko.  Just knowing makes me feel better."
Zuko says: "Yeah, I'm sure it does."
Sokka says: "Shhh."
Zuko says: "Not up to anything, huh?"
Sokka says: "Fine, you caught me. I'm gonna rescue my dad. You happy now?"
Zuko says: "I'm never happy."
Sokka says: "Look, I have to do this. The invasion plan was my idea, it was my decision to stay when things were going wrong.  It's my mistake, and it's my job to fix it. I have to regain my honor. You can't stop me, Zuko."
Zuko says: "You need to regain your honor? Believe me, I get it. I'm going with you."
Sokka says: "No. I have to do this alone."
Zuko says: "How are you going to get there? On Appa? Last time I checked, prisons don't have bison daycares.  We'll take my war balloon."
