Aang says: "There it is, guys, The Great Divide."
Katara says: "Wow, I could just stare at it forever."
Sokka says: "Okay, I've seen enough."
Katara says: "How can you not be fascinated Sokka? This is the largest canyon in the entire world."
Sokka says: "Then I'm sure we'll be able to see it very clearly from the air while we fly away."
Gan Jin tribesman says: "If you're looking for the canyon guide, I was here first!"
Katara says: "Ooh, canyon guide? Sounds informative."
Gan Jin tribesman says: "Believe me, he's more than a tour guide, he's an earthbender,  and the only way in and out of the canyon is with his help, and he's taking my tribe across next."
Sokka says: "Calm down, we know you're next."
Gan Jin tribesman says: "You wouldn't be so calm if the Fire Nation destroyed your home and forced you to flee! My whole tribe has to walk thousands of miles to the capital city of Ba Sing Se."
Katara says: "You're a refugee!"
Gan Jin tribesman says: "Huh, tell me something I don't know."
Katara says: "Is that your tribe?"
Gan Jin tribesman says: "It most certainly is not! That's the Zhang tribe, a bunch of low-life thieves. They've been the enemies of my tribe for a hundred years.  Hey, Zhangs! I'm saving a spot for my tribe so don't even think about stealing it!"
Zhang leader says: "Where are the rest of the Gan Jin? Still tidying up their camp site?"
Gan Jin tribesman says: "Yes, but they sent me ahead of them to hold a spot."
Zhang leader says: "I didn't know the canyon guide took reservations."
Gan Jin tribesman says: "Ha, of course you didn't! That's the ignorance I'd expect from a messy Zhang. So unorganized and ill-prepared for a journey."
Canyon guide says: "Sorry about the wait, youngsters. Who's ready to cross this here canyon?"
Katara says: "Uh, one of them, I think."
Gan Jin tribesman says: "I was here first, my party's on their way."
Canyon guide says: "I can't guide people who aren't here."
Zhang leader says: "Guess you guys will have to make the trip tomorrow."
Gan Jin tribesman says: "Wait, here they come!"
Zhang leader says: "You're not seriously gonna cave into these spoiled Gan Jins? I mean we're refugees too! And we've got sick people that need shelter."
Canyon guide says: "I ... uh ... well ..."
Gan Jin tribesman says: "We've got old people who are weary from traveling."
Zhang leader says: "Sick people get priority over old people."
Gan Jin leader says: "Maybe you Zhangs wouldn't have so many sick people if you weren't such slobs."
Zhang leader says: "If you Gan Jins weren't so clean, you wouldn't live to be so old."
Katara says: "Well Aang, ready to put your peace-making skills to the test?"
Aang says: "I don't know, a fight over chores is one thing, but these people have been feuding for a hundred years."
Katara says: "Everybody listen up! This is the Avatar, and if you give him a chance, I'm sure he can come up with a compromise that will make everyone happy."
Aang says: "Uh, you could share the earthbender and travel together?"
Gan Jin leader says: "Absolutely not! We'd rather be taken by the Fire Nation than travel with those stinking thieves!"
Zhang leader says: "We wouldn't travel with those pompous fools anyway!"
Aang says: "All right here's the deal, you're all going down together and Appa here will fly your sick and elderly across! Does that seem fair?"
Aang says: "Sorry, Appa, you'll have to do this on your own."
Sokka says: "Aang, this feuding tribe stuff is serious business. Are you sure it's a good idea getting involved in this?"
Aang says: "To tell you the truth, I'm not sure. But when have I ever been?"
Katara says: "He's the Avatar, Sokka, making peace between people is his job."
Sokka says: "His job's gonna make us cross this whole canyon on foot isn't it?"
Canyon guide says: "Okay, now comes the bad news.  No food allowed in the canyon, it attracts  dangerous predators."
Gan Jin Leader says: "No food?! This is ridiculous."
Canyon guide says: "Oh, you babies can go a day without food? Would you rather be hungry, or dead?  Now, we're heading down in ten minutes. All food better be in your gut or in the garbage!"
Aang says: "Appa's going to take good care of you 'till we get there.  See you on the other side, buddy! Yip yip!"
Aang says: "Nice bending!"
Canyon guide says: "The job's much more than bending, kid. Folks want information.  Many of you are probably wondering how canyons are formed. Experts tell us this canyon was most likely carved into the ground by earth spirits who were angry at local farmers for not offering them a proper sacrifice."
Canyon guide says: "He he he, guess the spirits are still angry! Hope you all brought sacrifices."
