Sokka says: "I thought you were crazy at first, Katara, but this might work. There are ventilation shafts throughout these mines. All Aang has to do is send an air current from that vent to this one right here. The boulder levitates and ta-da! Fake earthbending."
Katara says: "Aang? Did you get all that?"
Aang says: "Sure, sure. I got it."
Sokka says: "Do you remember your cue?"
Aang says: "Yeah, yeah. Just relax. You're taking all the fun out of this."
Sokka says: "By this, do you mean intentionally being captured by a group of ruthless firebenders?"
Aang says: "Exactly! That's fun stuff!"
Sokka says: "Here they come! Get in your places!"
Sokka says: "Get out of my way, pipsqueak!"
Katara says: "How dare you call me pipsqueak, you giant-eared cretin!"
Sokka says: "What did you call me?"
Katara says: "A giant-eared cretin! Look at those things! Do herds of animals use them for shade?!"
Sokka says: "You better back off!  Seriously, back off."
Katara says: "I will not back off! I bet elephants get together and make fun of how large your ears are!"
Sokka says: "That's it! You're going down!"
Katara says: "I'll show you who's boss!  Earthbending style!  I said, earthbending style!"
Guard says: "That lemur! He's earthbending!"
Sokka says: "No, you idiot, it's the girl!"
Guard says: "Oh.  Of course."
Sokka says: "I'll hold her.  You've got twelve hours to find Haru. We'll be right behind you."
Sokka says: "Momo, you have some big ears!"
Sokka says: "She'll be fine, Aang. Katara knows what she's doing."
Warden says: "Earthbenders. It is my pleasure to welcome you aboard my modest shipyard. I am your warden. I prefer to think of you not as prisoners,  but as honored guests. And I hope you come to think of me as your humble and caring host.  You will succeed here, if you simply abide-"
Warden says: "What kind of guest dishonors his host by interrupting him?! Take him below!  One week in solitary will improve his manners.  Simply treat me with the courtesy that I give you-"
Warden says: "And we'll get along famously."
Warden says: "You will notice, earthbenders, that this rig is made entirely of metal. You are miles away from any rock or earth.  So, if you have any illusions about employing that brutish savagery that passes for bending among you people ...  forget them. It is impossible. Good day."
