Jet says: "What are you doing?"
Sokka says: "Shh ... It amplifies vibrations."
Jet says: "Good trick."
Sokka says: "Nothing yet.  Wait! Yes, someone's approaching."
Jet says: "How many?"
Sokka says: "I think there's just one."
Jet says: "Good work, Sokka. Ready your weapon."
Sokka says: "Wait, false alarm ... He's just an old man."
Jet says: "What are you doing in our woods, you leech?"
Old Fire Nation civilian says: "Please sir, I'm just a traveler."
Jet says: "Do you like destroying towns? Do you like destroying families? Do you?"
Old Fire Nation civilian says: "Oh ... Please let me go ... have mercy ..."
Jet says: "Does the Fire Nation let people go? Does the Fire Nation have mercy?"
Sokka says: "Jet, he's just an old man!"
Jet says: "He's Fire Nation! Search him!"
Sokka says: "But he's not hurting anyone!"
Jet says: "Have you forgotten that the Fire Nation killed your mother? Remember why you fight!"
Smellerbee says: "We've got his stuff, Jet."
Sokka says: "This doesn't feel right."
Jet says: "It's what has to be done, now let's get outta here."
Jet says: "Come on, Sokka!"
Aang says: "Sokka! Look what the Duke gave me!  Ow! Quit it!"
Katara says: "Hey, Sokka. Is Jet back?"
Sokka says: "Yeah he's back. But we're leaving."
Aang says: "What?"
Katara says: "But I made him this hat."
Sokka says: "Your boyfriend Jet's a thug."
Katara says: "What? No, he's not."
Sokka says: "He's messed up Katara."
Aang says: "He's not messed up, he's just got a different way of life, a really fun way of life."
Sokka says: "He beat and robbed a harmless old man!"
Katara says: "I wanna hear Jet's side of the story."
Jet says: "Sokka, you told them what happened, but you didn't mention that the guy was Fire Nation?"
Katara says: "No, he conveniently left that part out."
Sokka says: "Fine! But even if he was Fire Nation, he was a harmless civilian!"
Jet says: "He was an assassin, Sokka."
Jet says: "See? There's a compartment for poison in the knife. . He was sent to eliminate me; you helped save my life, Sokka."
Katara says: "I knew there was an explanation."
Sokka says: "I didn't see any knife!"
Jet says: "That's because he was concealing it."
Katara says: "See, Sokka? I'm sure you just didn't notice the knife."
Sokka says: "There was no knife! I'm going back to the hut and packing my things."
Jet says: "Tell me you guys aren't leaving yet. I really need your help."
Aang says: "What can we do?"
Jet says: "The Fire Nation is planning on burning down our forest. If you both use waterbending to fill the reservoir, we could fight the fires. But if you leave now, they'll destroy the whole valley."
Katara says: "We can't leave now with the Fire Nation about to burn down a forest!"
Sokka says: "I'm sorry Katara. Jet's very smooth, but we can't trust him."
Katara says: "You know what I think? You're jealous that he's a better warrior and a better leader!"
Sokka says: "Katara, I'm not jealous of Jet. It's just that my instinct—"
Katara says: "Well my instincts tell me we need to stay here a little longer and help Jet. Come on Aang."
Aang says: "Sorry, Sokka."
Jet says: "Let's go."
Jet says: "Now listen, you are not to blow the dam until I give the signal. If the reservoir isn't full, the Fire Nation troops could survive."
The Duke says: "But what about the people in the town, won't they get wiped out too?"
Jet says: "Look Duke, that's the price of ridding this area of the Fire Nation.  Now don't blow the dam until I give the signal—got it?"
Smellerbee says: "Where do you think you're going, ponytail?"
Jet says: "Sokka, I'm glad you decided to join us."
Sokka says: "I heard your plan to destroy the Earth Kingdom town."
Jet says: "Our plan is to rid the valley of the Fire Nation."
Sokka says: "There are people living there, Jet; mothers and fathers and children."
Jet says: "We can't win without making some sacrifices."
Sokka says: "You lied to Aang and Katara about the forest fire!"
Jet says: "Because they don't understand the demands of war. Not like you and I do."
Sokka says: "I do understand. I understand that there's nothing you won't do to get what you want."
Jet says: "I was hoping you'd have an open mind, but I can see you've made your choice."
Jet says: "I can't let you warn Katara and Aang.  Take him for a walk, a long walk."
Sokka says: "You can't do this!"
Jet says: "Cheer up, Sokka. We're gonna win a great victory against the Fire Nation today."
Katara says: "Jet, I'm sorry about how Sokka's been acting."
Jet says: "No worries, he already apologized."
Aang says: "Really?  Sokka apologized?"
Jet says: "Yeah, I was surprised too. I got the sense that maybe you talked to him or something."
Katara says: "Yeah, I did."
Jet says: "I guess something you said got through to him. Anyhow, he went out on a scouting mission with Pipsqueak and Smellerbee."
Katara says: "I'm glad he cooled off. He's so stubborn sometimes."
Jet says: "All right, we're here. Underground water's trying to escape through these vents. I need you guys to help it along."
Katara says: "I've never used bending on water I can't see. I don't know ..."
Jet says: "Katara. You can do this."
Aang says: "What about me?"
Jet says: "I know the Avatar can do this."
Jet says: "Yes! Good job! This river empties into the reservoir--a few more geysers and it'll be full."
Aang says: "Look, there's another steam vent."
Jet says: "Okay. You two keep it up, I'll go check on things at the reservoir."
Katara says: "When we're done we'll meet you over there."
Jet says: "Actually ... probably better if you meet me back at the hideout when you're done."
Aang says: "I bet that's enough, and I'm not just saying that to be lazy."
Katara says: "Let's catch up with Jet at the reservoir."
Aang says: "I thought we agreed to meet Jet back at the hideout."
Katara says: "Well, we finished early. I'm sure he'll be happy to see us."
Smellerbee says: "Come on, move along!"
Sokka says: "How can you stand by and do nothing while Jet wipes out a whole town?"
Pipsqueak says: "Hey listen Sokka, Jet's a great leader. We follow what he says, and things always turn out okay."
Sokka says: "If that's how Jet leads, then he's got a lot to learn."
Smellerbee says: "Hey!"
Sokka says: "While you two are up there, you might want to practice your knot work."
Pipsqueak says: "Hey Smellerbee, you gonna eat your lychee nuts?  Ooh."
Katara says: "What are they doing?"
Aang says: "Hey, those are the red barrels he got from the Fire Nation."
Katara says: "Why would they need blasting jelly?"
Aang says: "Because Jet's gonna blow up the dam."
Katara says: "What? No, that would destroy the town. Jet wouldn't do that."
Aang says: "I've gotta stop him."
Katara says: "Jet wouldn't do that."
Jet says: "Yes I would."
Katara says: "Jet, why?"
Jet says: "Katara, you would too if you just stopped to think. Think about what the Fire Nation did to your mother, we can't let them do that to anyone else, ever again."
Katara says: "This isn't the answer!"
Jet says: "I want you to understand me Katara. I thought your brother would understand, but—"
Katara says: "Where's Sokka?"
Jet says: "Katara."
Aang says: "I need to get to the dam."
Jet says: "You're not going anywhere without your glider."
Aang says: "I'm not gonna fight you, Jet."
Jet says: "You'll have to if you want your glider back."
Katara says: "Why, Jet? I can't believe I trusted you. You lied to me, you're sick and I trusted you!  What are you doing?"
Jet says: "You're too late."
Katara says: "No!"
Aang says: "Sokka's still out there, he's our only chance."
Katara says: "Come on, Sokka. I'm sorry I ever doubted you, please."
Katara says: "No ..."
Aang says: "Sokka didn't make it in time."
Katara says: "All those people ...  Jet, you monster!"
Jet says: "This was a victory, Katara. Remember that. The Fire Nation is gone and this valley will be safe."
Sokka says: "It will be safe, without you."
Katara says: "Sokka!"
Sokka says: "I warned the villagers of your plan, just in time."
Jet says: "What?!"
Sokka says: "At first they didn't believe me. The Fire Nation soldiers assumed I was a spy. But one man vouched for me, the old man you attacked. He urged them to trust me, and we got everyone out in time."
Little girl says: "Misses Pretty!"
Jet says: "Sokka, you fool! We could've freed this valley!"
Sokka says: "Who would be free? Everyone would be dead."
Jet says: "You traitor!"
Sokka says: "No, Jet. You became the traitor when you stopped protecting innocent people."
Jet says: "Katara. Please, help me."
Katara says: "Goodbye Jet."
Sokka says: "Yip yip."
Aang says: "We thought you were going to the dam. How come you went to the town instead?"
Katara says: "Let me guess, your instincts told you."
Sokka says: "Hey, sometimes they're right."
Aang: says: "Um ... Sokka? You know we're going the wrong way, right?"
Sokka says: "And sometimes they're wrong."
Main Aang Jet Katara Sokka Antagonists Fire Nation soldiers says: "Minor Appa Longshot Momo Old Fire Nation civilian Pipsqueak Smellerbee Sneers The Duke"
