Katara says: "What do you mean you won't teach me? I didn't travel across the entire world so you could tell me no!"
Pakku says: "No."
Katara says: "But there must be other female waterbenders in your tribe!"
Pakku says: "Here, the women learn from Yagoda to use their waterbending to heal. I'm sure she would be happy to take you as her student, despite your bad attitude."
Katara says: "I don't want to heal, I want to fight!"
Pakku says: "I can see that. But our tribe has customs, rules."
Katara says: "Well, your rules stink!"
Aang says: "Yeah, they're not fair! If you won't teach Katara, then ..."
Pakku says: "Then what?"
Aang says: "Then I won't learn from you!"
Pakku says: "Well, have fun teaching yourself! I'm sure you'll do a great job."
Katara says: "Wait! Aang didn't mean that!  You can't risk your training for me. You have to learn from Master Pakku, even if he is a big jerk."
Pakku says: "Why don't we get started, then?"
Sokka says: "Princess Yue, good morning! How about that picnic last night? Boy, your dad sure does know how to throw a party."
Yue says: "I'm happy you enjoyed yourself."
Sokka says: "Well, it wasn't as much fun after you left.  So, I'm still hoping we can see more of each other."
Yue says: "Do an activity, you mean?"
Sokka says: "Yes ... at a place ... for some time."
Yue says: "I'd love to. I'll meet you on that bridge tonight."
Sokka says: "Great! I'll see you– Ah!"
Yue says: "Sorry."
Sokka says: "That's okay, it was worth it. See you tonight."
Zhao says: "I'm very impressed. You all seem highly qualified for the mission I have in mind."
Oh says: "That's some tasty gold."
Pirate captain says: "What do you need us to do?"
Zhao says: "I believe you're acquainted with Prince Zuko."
Katara says: "Uhhh ... Hi. Are you Yagoda?"
Yagoda says: "Are you here for the healing lesson?"
Katara says: "I guess I am."
Yagoda says: "Welcome ... welcome!"
Pakku says: "You're moving the water around, but you're not feeling the push and pull."
Aang says: "I'm trying ..."
Pakku says: "Maybe that move is too advanced for you. Why don't you try an easier one?"
Katara says: "Thanks for the lesson."
Yagoda says: "So, who's the lucky boy?"
Katara says: "Huh?"
Yagoda says: "Your betrothal necklace. You're getting married, right?"
Katara says: "Ah ... No. I don't think I'm ready for that yet. My grandmother gave my mother this necklace and my mother passed it down to me."
Yagoda says: "I recognize this carving! I don't know why I didn't realize sooner; you're the spitting image of Kanna!"
Katara says: "Wait, how do you know my Gran-Gran's name?"
Yagoda says: "When I was about your age, I was friends with Kanna. She was born here in the Northern Tribe."
Katara says: "She never told me."
Yagoda says: "Your grandmother had an arranged marriage with a young waterbender. He carved that necklace for her."
Katara says: "If Gran-Gran was engaged, why did she leave?"
Yagoda says: "I don't know. That's always been a mystery to me. She left without saying goodbye."
Crew member says: "Good luck!"
Iroh says: "The crew wanted me to wish you safe travels."
Zuko says: "Good riddance to those traitors."
Iroh says: "It's a lovely night for a walk. Why don't you join me? It would clear your head.  Or just stay in your room and sit in the dark. Whatever makes you happy."
Oh says: "Careful with the blasting jelly!"
Zuko says: "Uncle? Uncle, is that you?"
Iroh says: "Zuko!  Zuko ..."
Sokka says: "Hi, Princess Yue. I made you something. I carved it myself."
Yue says: "It's a bear."
Sokka says: "Actually, it's supposed to be a fish.  See, it has a fin."
Yue says: "Oh. I'm sorry, I made a mistake. I shouldn't have asked you to come here."
Katara says: "How's warrior training going?"
Aang says: "That bad?"
Sokka says: "No, it's Princess Yue. I don't get it, one minute she wants to go out with me, and the next, she's telling me to get lost.  So, how's waterbending training?"
Aang says: "Master Poophead won't teach her because she's a girl."
Sokka says: "Why don't you just teach her, Aang?"
Katara says: "Why didn't I think of that? At night, you can teach me whatever moves you learn from Master Pakku! That way, you have someone to practice with, and I get to learn waterbending! Everyone's happy!"
Sokka says: "I'm not happy."
Katara says: "But you're never happy. Come on, Aang."
Aang says: "Master Pakku said this move is all about sinking and floating."
Katara says: "I got it!"
Aang says: "That was amazing!"
Katara says: "That wasn't me."
Aang says: "I was just showing Katara a few moves."
Pakku says: "You have disrespected me, my teachings, and my entire culture."
Aang says: "I'm sorry, I ..."
Pakku says: "You are no longer welcome as my student."
Arnook says: "What do you want me to do? Force Master Pakku to take Aang back as his student?"
Katara says: "Yes ... please!"
Arnook says: "I suspect he might change his mind, if you swallow your pride and apologize to him."
Katara says: "Fine."
Pakku says: "I'm waiting, little girl."
Katara says: "No.  No way am I apologizing to a sour old man like you!"
Aang says: "Uhhh ... Katara?"
Katara says: "I'll be outside if you're man enough to fight me."
Aang says: "I'm sure she didn't mean that."
Sokka says: "Yeah, I think she did."
Zhao says: "I'm devastated to hear about Prince Zuko. Just ... devastated."
Iroh says: "The Fire Lord will not be pleased when he learns who was responsible."
Zhao says: "You know who was behind the attack?"
Iroh says: "Yes ... pirates. We had a run-in with them a while back. They wanted revenge."
Zhao says: "So, have you reconsidered my offer?"
Iroh says: "Yes, I accept. It will be an honor to serve as your general. To the Fire Nation!"
Zhao says: "To victory!"
Sokka says: "Are you crazy, Katara? You're not going to win this fight!"
Katara says: "I know! I don't care!"
Aang says: "You don't have to do this for me. I can find another teacher."
Katara says: "I'm not doing it for you! Someone needs to slap some sense into that guy!  So, you decided to show up?  Aren't you going to fight?"
Pakku says: "Go back to the healing huts with the other women where you belong.  Fine. You want to learn to fight so bad? Study closely!  Don't worry, I'm not going to hurt you!"
Katara says: "You can't knock me down!"
Aang says: "Go, Katara!"
Pakku says: "Well, I'm impressed. You are an excellent waterbender."
Katara says: "But you still won't teach me, will you?"
Pakku says: "No."
Pakku says: "This fight is over."
Katara says: "Come back here. I'm not finished yet!"
Pakku says: "Yes, you are.  This is my necklace ..."
Katara says: "No, it's not. It's mine! Give it back!"
Pakku says: "I made this sixty years ago for the love of my life ... for Kanna."
Katara says: "My Gran-Gran was supposed to marry you?"
Iroh says: "Our plan is working perfectly. Zhao doesn't suspect a thing."
Zuko says: "You didn't have to do this."
Iroh says: "No nephew of mine is going to stow away on a ship without some backup."
Zuko says: "Thank you, Uncle."
Iroh says: "Someone's coming. Stay hidden until we get to the North Pole and the Avatar will be yours. Good luck."
