Sokka says: "Toph, while I was in town, I found something that you're not gonna like."
Toph says: "Well it sounds like a sheet of paper, but I guess you're referring to what's on the sheet of paper."
Sokka says: "It's a wanted poster. Of you. They've nicknamed you the Runaway."
Toph says: "A wanted poster! That's so great! "The Runaway." I love my new nickname. Is there a picture of me? Does it look good?"
Sokka says: "Well yeah, actually, it does look pretty good.  But, Toph, you're missing the point. Maybe Katara was right. These scams are drawing too much attention to us."
Toph says: "Don't be such a worrywart like your sister.  Think of it this way: Now you've got plenty of money to help with the invasion plan."
Sokka says: "Well, that is true. I had this idea of making armor for Appa."
Toph says: "Here's a little extra, so you can get yourself a nice map of the Fire Nation. You know what?  Make it an atlas."
Sokka says: "I do like expensive atlases."
Toph says: "Of course you do.  And that's why this wanted poster is going to stay our little secret."
Katara says: "Sokka,  tell me you didn't buy a bird."
Sokka says: "Not just a bird, a messenger bird. Now we can send messages all over the world. Even to Gran Gran."
Aang says: "Wow, how does it work?"
Sokka says: "Hm. Uh, I never actually thought about that. Hawky,  Gran Gran, South Pole.  I think he gets it."
Sokka says: "Hawky! Make nice! Bad Hawky!"
Katara says: "Well. Look who decided to join us.  Where have you two been? Off scamming again?"
Toph says: "Yes, we were."
Katara says: "And I suppose you don't think what you're doing is dangerous at all?"
Toph says: "No, I don't."
Katara says: "Really?"
Toph says: "Yes. Really."
Katara says: "Well then. What's this?"
Toph says: "I don't know! I mean, seriously! What is with you people? I'm blind!"
Katara says: "It's a wanted poster of you! "The Runaway!" Is that what you're called now? Are you proud of this?"
Toph says: "Where did you get that!?"
Katara says: "It doesn't matter where I got it. The fact is-"
Toph says: "You went through my stuff! You had no right!"
Katara says: "Your stuff was messy and I was just straightening up, and I happened to stumble across it!"
Toph says: "That's a lie!  You're lying, Katara!"
Katara says: "Fine! It's a lie! But you've been so out of control lately, I knew something was up! I knew you were hiding something and you were!  Don't you walk away from me while I'm talking to you!"
Toph says: "Oh really, Mom? Or what are you gonna do? Send me to my room?"
Katara says: "I wish I could!"
Toph says: "Well you can't! Because you're not my mom, and you're not their mom!"
Katara says: "I never said I was!"
Toph says: "No, but you certainly act like it! You think it's your job to boss everyone around, but it's not! You're just a regular kid like the rest of us! So stop acting like you can tell me what to do! I can do whatever I want!"
Katara says: "I don't act that way!  Sokka, do I act motherly?"
Sokka says: "Hey. I'm staying out of this one."
Katara says: "What do you think, Aang? Do I act like a mom?"
Aang says: "Well. I, uh-"
Katara says: "Stop rubbing your eye and speak clearly when you talk!"
Aang says: "Yes, ma'am."
Toph says: "I can't be around you right now!"
Katara says: "Well, I can't be around you!"
Sokka says: "I know, Hawky. Why can't they just get along?"
Sokka says: "Hey, Aang. You wanna test out my messenger hawk with me? I've got an idea."
Aang says: "Sure."
Sokka says: "I'm going to send a note to Katara and say it's from Toph, who wants to apologize. Then everyone will be friends again."
Aang says: "I gotta say, Sokka, you continue to impress me with your ideas."
Sokka says: "It's a gift.  "Dear Katara, sorry for everything. Your friend, Toph.""
Katara says: "I know this is from you, Sokka! Toph can't write!  Ugh! You're all driving me crazy!"
Aang says: "I can't believe we forgot Toph can't write."
Sokka says: "Yup. We're idiots."
Aang says: "I guess Plan B is we send a note to Toph pretending it's from Katara."
Sokka says: "I think we're gonna run into a similar problem.  Sorry, Hawky. Looks like I'm gonna have to do this without your help.  Come on. We need to talk."
Toph says: "So lemme guess: You brought me out here to tell me that your sister's not as annoying as I make her out to be."
Sokka says: "Nah, she's pretty much a pain.  She's always got to be right about everything and she gets all bossy and involved and in your business ..."
Toph says: "Yeah. I don't know how you could deal with it."
Sokka says: "Actually, in a way, I rely on it."
Toph says: "I don't understand."
Sokka says: "When our mom died, that was the hardest time in my life. Our family was a mess, but Katara? She had so much strength. She stepped up and took on so much responsibility. She helped fill the void that was left by our mom."
Toph says: "I guess I never thought about that."
Sokka says: "I'm gonna tell you something crazy. I never told anyone this before, but honestly? I'm not sure I can remember what my mother looked like. It really seems like my whole life, Katara's been the one looking out for me. She's always been the one that's there. And now, when I try to remember my mom, Katara's is the only face I can picture."
Toph says: "The truth is sometimes Katara does act motherly, but that's not always a bad thing. She's compassionate and kind, and she actually cares about me.  You know, the real me. That's more than my own mom.  Don't ever tell her I said any of this!"
Sokka says: "Hey, my lips are sealed."
Katara says: "Hi, Toph. Um, I wanna-"
Toph says: "Katara, stop. You don't need to apologize. I was the one being stupid. These scams are out of control, and I'm done with them."
Katara says: "Actually I wasn't going to apologize. I was gonna say ... I wanna pull a scam with you."
Toph says: "What? You wanna pull a scam?"
Katara says: "Not just any scam. The ultimate scam.  Whaddaya say, Toph? Just me and you. One last go. You in?"
Toph says: "You know I'm in! Now what's this idea of yours?"
