Katara says: "I'm sorry I yelled at you before."
Zuko says: "It doesn't matter."
Katara says: "It's just that for so long now, whenever I would imagine the face of the enemy, it was your face."
Zuko says: "My face? I see."
Katara says: "No, no, that's-that's not what I mean."
Zuko says: "It's okay. I used to think this scar marked me. The mark of the banished prince, cursed to chase the Avatar forever. But lately, I've realized I'm free to determine my own destiny, even if I'll never be free of my mark."
Katara says: "Maybe you could be free of it."
Zuko says: "What?"
Katara says: "I have healing abilities."
Zuko says: "It's a scar, it can't be healed."
Katara says: "This is water from the Spirit Oasis at the North Pole. It has special properties, so I've been saving it for something important.  I don't know if it would work, but ..."
Katara says: "Aang!"
Katara says: "Aang, I knew you would come."
Zuko says: "Uncle, I don't understand. What are you doing with the Avatar?"
Aang says: "Saving you, that's what."
Iroh says: "Zuko, it's time we talked.  Go help you other friends. We'll catch up with you."
Zuko says: "Why, Uncle?"
Iroh says: "You're not the man you used to be, Zuko.  You are stronger and wiser and freer than you have ever been. And now you have come to the crossroads of your destiny.  It's time for you to choose. It's time for you to choose good."
Azula says: "I expected this kind of treachery from Uncle.  But Zuko, Prince Zuko, you're a lot of things, but you're not a traitor, are you?"
Zuko says: "Release him immediately."
Azula says: "It's not too late for you, Zuko. You can still redeem yourself."
Iroh says: "The kind of redemption she offers is not for you."
Azula says: "Why don't you let him decide, Uncle?  I need you, Zuko. I've plotted every move of this day,  this glorious day in Fire Nation history, and the only way we win is together. At the end of this day, you will have your honor back. You will have Father's love. You will have everything you want."
Iroh says: "Zuko, I am begging you.  Look into your heart and see what it is that you truly want."
Azula says: "You are free to choose."
Katara says: "We've got to find Sokka and Toph."
