Aang says: "A blockade."
Zuko says: "Why'd you do it?"
Azula says: "You're going to have to be a little more specific."
Zuko says: "Why did you tell Father that I was the one who killed the Avatar?"
Azula says: "Can't this wait until the morning?"
Zuko says: "It. Can't."
Azula says: "Fine. You seemed so worried about how Father would treat you because you hadn't captured the Avatar. I figured if I gave you the credit, you'd have nothing to worry about."
Zuko says: "But why?"
Azula says: "Call it a generous gesture. I wanted to thank you for your help and I was happy to share the glory."
Zuko says: "You're lying."
Azula says: "If you say so ..."
Zuko says: "You have another motive for doing this, I just haven't figured out what it is."
Azula says: "Please Zuko, what ulterior motive could I have? What could I possibly gain by letting you get all the glory for defeating the Avatar?  Unless, somehow, the Avatar was actually alive. All that glory would suddenly turn to shame and foolishness. But you said it yourself, that was impossible.  Sleep well, Zuzu."
Aang says: "I'm not gonna make it. I failed.  Roku?"
Roku says: "You haven't failed, Aang."
Aang says: "But everyone thinks I'm dead again. They think I've abandoned them, and I'm losing this war. I'm letting the whole world down."
Roku says: "If anyone is to blame for the state of the world, it is me. I should have seen this war coming and prevented it. You inherited my problems and my mistakes. But I believe you are destined to redeem me and save the world."
Aang says: "I don't know."
Yue says: "You already saved the world. And you'll save the world again, but you can't give up."
Aang says: "You're right. I won't give up."
Katara says: "You're okay!"
Aang says: "I have so much to do."
Katara says: "I know, but you'll have our help."
Toph says: "You didn't think you could get out of training just by coming to the Fire Nation, did you?"
Aang says: "What about the invasion?"
Sokka says: "We'll join up with my dad and the invasion force the day of the eclipse."
Toph says: "Hey! What's ... oh, it's your glider."
Aang says: "It's okay. If someone saw it, it would give away my identity. It's better for now that no one knows I'm alive."
