Aang says: "This is a sacred temple! You can't treat it this way!  I've seen it when the monks were here! I know what it's supposed to be like!"
Mechanist says: "The monks? But,  you're twelve."
Teo says: "Dad, he's the Avatar. He used to come here a hundred years ago."
Aang says: "What are you doing? Who said you could be here?"
Mechanist says: "Hmm, doing here ... A long time ago,  but not a hundred years, my people became refugees  after a terrible flood. My infant son,  Teo, was badly hurt and lost his mother.  I needed somewhere to rebuild and I stumbled across this place. Couldn't believe it! Everywhere! Pictures of flying people! But empty,  nobody home. Then,  I came across these fan-like contraptions!"
Aang says: "Our gliders."
Mechanist says: "Yes! Little, light flying machines!  They gave me an idea. Build a new life for my son, in the air! Then everyone will be on equal ground! So to speak. We're just in the process of improving upon what's already here.  And, after all, isn't that what nature does?"
Aang says: "Nature knows where to stop."
Mechanist says: "I suppose that's true. Unfortunately, progress has a way of getting away from us. Look at the time!  Come!  The pulley system must be oiled before dark."
Sokka says: "Wait, how can you tell the time from that thing? The notches all look the same."
Mechanist says: "The candle will tell us. Watch."
Sokka says: "You put spark powder in the candle!"
Mechanist says: "Four flashes. So it's exactly four hours past mid-day. Or, as I call it: four o'candle.  If you like that, wait till you see my finger-safe knife sharpener.  Only took me three tries to get it right."
Sokka says: "Aaah!"
Mechanist says: "Follow me!"
Teo says: "Hey, Aang. I want to show you something."
Aang says: "I just can't get over it. There's not a single thing that's the same."
Teo says: "I don't know about that. The temple might be different  but the creatures that live here  are probably direct descendants of the ones who lived here a long time ago."
Katara says: "You're right. They're kind of keepers of the temple's origins."
Teo says: "Besides, there's one part of the temple that hasn't changed at all."
Katara says: "Hey, it's just like the one in the other temple!"
Teo says: "Only an airbender can open it, so inside it's completely untouched. Just the way the monks left it. I've always wondered what it's like in there ..."
Katara says: "Aang?"
Aang says: "I'm sorry. This is the last part of the temple that's the same as it was. I want it to stay that way."
Teo says: "I completely understand. I just wanted you to know that it's here."
Aang says: "Thanks."
Sokka says: "These lanterns are terrible. I can't see!  Why would you want to use fireflies for light?"
Mechanist says: "Hey! Close that up! They'll get loose!  Fireflies are a non-flammable light source."
Mechanist says: "Cover your nose  and hold your breath."
Sokka says: "Okay ... so you brought me all the way down here to see an empty room."
Mechanist says: "Wrong. It's filled to the brim with natural gas. Came across it my first time here. Unfortunately, I was carrying a torch at the time. Nearly blew my self and the whole place even more sky high! Thought my eyebrows would never grow back.  Anyway, there's a vital problem that needs solving. From time to time, we have gas leaks. And they're nearly impossible to find."
Sokka says: "So, this place is an explosion waiting to happen."
Mechanist says: "Yes, until I figure out how to locate something I can't see, hear, smell, or touch."
