Main Aang Katara Mechanist Sokka Teo Antagonists Fire Nation soldiers Qin says: "Minor Appa Earth Kingdom colonists Momo Storyteller"
Katara says: "This should give us a good idea of what's around here."
Sokka says: "See if you can find a menu, I'm starving!"
Aang says: "I bet we'll find something to eat here,  the Fire Day's Festival.  Fire Nation cultural exhibits, jugglers, benders, magicians ...  This would be a great place for me to study some real firebenders."
Sokka says: "You might wanna rethink that. Look at this."
Aang says: "Hey, a poster of me!"
Sokka says: "A wanted poster! This is bad."
Katara says: "I think we better keep moving."
Aang says: "I have to learn firebending at some point and this could be my only chance to watch a master's up close."
Katara says: "I guess we could go check it out."
Sokka says: "What? You wanna walk into a Fire Nation town where they're all fired-up with their ... you know, fire?"
Katara says: "We'll wear disguises and if it looks like trouble, we'll leave."
Sokka says: "Yeah! Because we always leave before we get into trouble."
Aang says: "You guys stay out of sight here while we go to the festival.  Ready disguises!"
Sokka says: "It's like you're a whole different person ..."
Aang says: "Let's go."
Katara says: "I think we need some new disguises."
Sokka says: "Where are we gonna get masks like that?"
Mask dealer says: "Get your genuine Fire Festival masks here!"
Sokka says: "That was surprisingly easy."
Aang says: "Hey, there's some food."
Sokka says: "Finally!  What do you have?"
Shop keeper says: "Flaming fire flakes! Best in town."
Sokka says: "I'll take'em!"
Sokka says: "Aaahhh! Hot! Hot!"
Katara says: ""Flaming fire flakes", hot? What do you know?"
Aang says: "Hey, look at this."
Puppet Fire Lord says: "Don't worry loyal citizens! No one can surprise the Fire Lord!"
Fire Nation kids says: "Oh no! Look out!"
Katara says: "Aang, hold on! Where are we going?"
Aang says: "I don't know, but there's a big crowd so it must be good."
Sokka says: "Knowing the Fire Nation, it's probably an execution."
Aang says: "I gotta learn that trick!"
Malu says: "Thank you! For my next trick I need a volunteer from the audience!"
Aang says: "Oh! Oh! Me! Me!"
Sokka says: "What do you think you're doing?"
Aang says: "I want to get a closer look."
Katara says: "It's better that we don't attract any attention to ourselves."
Malu says: "How about you, little lady?"
Katara says: "Uh."
Malu says: "Awww, she's shy. Leeet's give her some encouragement, folks!"
Aang says: "Awww! That could've been me."
Malu says: "This next trick is called "Taming the Dragon."  You will be my captured princess! Don't worry, young maiden! I will tame this fiery beast! It's too strong, I can't hold it!"
Aang says: "We gotta help her!"
Sokka says: "No, we don't want to make a scene!"
Malu says: "The rope, it's breaking!  Hey, you tryin' to upstage me, kid?"
Citizen says: "Hey! That kid's the Avatar!"
Sokka says: "I think it's time to go."
Chey says: "Follow me! I can get you outta here!"
Guard says: "There they are!"
Guard says: "Over there!"
Aang says: "I'm calling Appa."
Sokka says: "I hope he can really hear that bison whistle!"
Chey says: "This way!  Okay! Not this way!"
Aang says: "Appa! Down here!"
Aang says: "Nice touch setting off the fireworks."
Sokka says: "You really know your explosives ..."
Chey says: "I'm familiar."
Sokka says: "You're a Fire Nation Soldier!"
Chey says: "Was. My name's Chey."
Chey says: "I serve a man. More than a man really, he's a myth, but he's real, a living legend, Jeong Jeong the Deserter. He was a Fire Nation general, or wait, was he an admiral?"
Sokka says: "He was very highly ranked, we get it."
Chey says: "Yeah! Way up there! But he couldn't take the madness any more. He's the first person ever to leave the army - and live. I'm the second, but you don't get to be a legend for that. That's okay though. Jeong Jeong's a firebending genius. Some say he's mad - but he's not! He's enlightened."
Aang says: "You mean there's a firebender out here who's not with the Fire Lord?  We've gotta go see him! He can train me!"
Sokka says: "We're not gonna go find some crazy firebender!"
Chey says: "He's not crazy! He's a genius! And he's the perfect person to train the Avatar! That's why I followed you into the festival."
Sokka says: "Look, thanks for the help, but we're leaving for the North Pole in the morning."
Aang says: "Sokka, this could be my only chance to meet a firebending master who would actually be willing to teach me."
Katara says: "It can't hurt just to talk to him."
Sokka says: "That's what you said about going to the festival! Why doesn't anyone ever listen to me?"
Lin Yee says: "Don't move!"
Lin Yee says: "Jeong Jeong told you not to look for Avatar!"
Sokka says: "Hold on, you know these guys?"
Chey says: "Oh yeh! Lin Yee's an old buddy! Right, Lin Yee?"
Lin Yee says: "Shut up! Keep moving."
Lin Yee says: "Go on. He sees you only."
Chey says: "Oh that's okay, we can chat later."
Aang says: "Is that where Jeong Jeong is? I need to talk to him right away."
Lin Yee says: "No! You wait there.  Go now!"
Chey says: "Don't worry! Everything'll be fine. He's a great man, great man!"
Zhao says: "So, the Avatar was here and you let him slip away?"
Guard captain says: "Yes, sir, but other than that the festival went off without a hitch!  No fights. Theft was way down."
Zhao says: "I don't care about your local crime rates! Which way did they go?"
Guard captain says: "They headed into the forest, up the river I suspect."
Zhao says: "Ready the river boats. We're going after the Avatar."
Aang says: "What happened? Can I see Jeong Jeong now?"
Chey says: "He won't see you. He's very angry that I brought you here. He wants you to leave immediately."
Sokka says: "Finally! Let's hit the road."
Aang says: "Why won't he see me?"
Chey says: "He says you're not ready. Says you haven't mastered waterbending and earthbending yet."
Aang says: "Wait, how does he know that?"
Chey says: "He saw the way you walked into camp. He could tell."
Aang says: "I'm going in, anyway!"
Jeong Jeong says: "Get out."
Aang says: "Master, I need to learn firebending."
Jeong Jeong says: "Only a fool seeks his own destruction."
Aang says: "I'm the Avatar, it's my destiny to—"
Jeong Jeong says: "Destiny? What would a boy know of destiny? If a fish lives its whole life in this river, does he know the river's destiny? No! Only that it runs on and on out of his control! He may follow where it flows, but he cannot see the end. He cannot imagine the ocean."
Aang says: "Okay, but it's the Avatar's duty to master all of the bending disciplines."
Jeong Jeong says: "To master the bending disciplines, you must first master discipline itself. But you have no interest in this, so I have no interest in you! Now, get out."
Aang says: "Please, I have to learn. This could be my only chance."
Jeong Jeong says: "Are you deaf? How can I teach you if you refuse to listen? Before learning firebending you must learn water and earth. Water is cool and soothing, earth is steady and stable, but fire, fire is alive! It breathes, it grows. Without the bender, a rock will not throw itself! But fire will spread and destroy everything in its path if one does not have the will to control it! That is its destiny! You are not ready! You are too weak!"
Roku says: "You think I am weak?"
Jeong Jeong says: "Avatar Roku! No, No! I did not mean that."
Roku says: "I have mastered the elements a thousand times in a thousand lifetimes. Now, I must do it once again. You will teach the Avatar  firebending."
Jeong Jeong says: "Yes, yes, I will teach you."
Aang says: "Really? That's great!"
Jeong Jeong says: "Widen your stance. Wider! Bend your knees. Now, concentrate.  Good, good!"
Aang says: "Wait! What do I do now?"
Jeong Jeong says: "Silence! Talking is not concentrating! Look at your friend, is she talking?  Even that oaf knows to concentrate on what he's doing!"
Sokka says: "Hey!"
Aang says: "But what am I concentrating on?"
Jeong Jeong says: "Feel the heat of the sun. It is the greatest source of fire. Yet, it is in complete balance with nature!"
Aang says: "So when do I get to make some fire?"
Jeong Jeong says: "Concentrate!"
Aang says: "Are we coming up here so I don't burn anything with my fire blasts?"
Jeong Jeong says: "No fire yet."
Aang says: "What?"
Jeong Jeong says: "Power in firebending comes from the breath. That is why you must master proper breath control."
Aang says: "You brought me up here to breathe?"
Jeong Jeong says: "Assume your stance."
Jeong Jeong says: "Wider."
Aang says: "You're not even look—"
Jeong Jeong says: "Wider! Now, inhale through the nose and exhale through the mouth - without talking. Good. Keep going."
Jeong Jeong says: "What are you doing here? I did not tell you to stop!"
Aang says: "I've been breathing for hours!"
Jeong Jeong says: "You want to stop breathing?"
Aang says: "I want you to stop wasting my time! I already know how to squat and breathe and feel the sun!  I wanna know how to shoot fire out of my fingertips!"
Jeong Jeong says: "I had a pupil once who had no interest in learning discipline. He was only concerned with the power of fire - how he could use it to destroy his opponents and wipe out the obstacles in his path, but fire is a horrible burden to bear. Its nature is to consume and without control it destroys everything around it."
Jeong Jeong says: "Learn restraint, or risk destroying yourself and everything you love."
Aang says: "I thought about what you said, I promise I'll be more patient."
Jeong Jeong says: "We're going to work with fire now."
Aang says: "Oh yeah!  I mean, let us begin."
Jeong Jeong says: "Concentrate on the fire. I want you to keep the flame from reaching the edges of the leaf for as long as you can."
Tribal man says: "Master! There is trouble."
Aang says: "What's going on?"
Jeong Jeong says: "Concentrate on your leaf!"
Aang says: "This is the worst firebending instruction ever! All he does is leave me for hours to concentrate or breathe!"
Katara says: "I'm sure there's a good reason."
Aang says: "But I'm ready to do so much more."
Aang says: "I did it! I made fire!"
Katara says: "Aang, that's great, but you should take it slow."
Aang says: "Now that's some firebending!"
Katara says: "Aang, you'll hurt yourself!"
Aang says: "I wonder how that juggler did it."
Aang says: "Katara! I'm so sorry!"
Sokka says: "Katara, what's wrong?  What did you do?!"
Aang says: "It was an accident! I was, uh... Katara, I'm so--"
Sokka says: "I told you we shouldn't mess around with this! Look what you did! You burned my sister!  You burned my sister!  This is all your fault!"
Jeong Jeong says: "I know! Now pack your things. You must leave immediately."
Aang says: "I'm sorry, I didn't ...  I'm sorry!"
