Iroh says: "Waterbenders deal with the flow of energy. A waterbender lets their defense become their offense, turning their opponents' energy against them. I learned a way to do this with lightning."
Zuko says: "You can teach me to redirect lightning?"
Iroh says: "If you let the energy in your own body flow, the lightning will follow it. You must create a pathway from your fingertips, up your arm to your shoulder, then down into your stomach. The stomach is the source of energy in your body. It is called the sea of chi. Only in my case it is more like a vast ocean.  From the stomach, you direct it up again, and out the other arm. The stomach detour is critical. You must not let the lightning pass through your heart, or the damage could be deadly. You may wish to try a physical motion, to get a feel for the pathways' flow, like this.  Now, are you focusing your energy? Can you feel your own chi flowing in, down, up, and out?"
Zuko says: "I think so."
Iroh says: "Come on, you've got to feel the flow.  Excellent! You've got it!"
Zuko says: "Great, I'm ready to try it with real lightning!"
Iroh says: "What, are you crazy? Lightning is very dangerous!"
Zuko says: "I thought that was the point! You teaching me to protect myself from it!"
Iroh says: "Yeah! But I'm not going to shoot lightning at you! If you're lucky, you will never have to use this technique at all!"
Zuko says: "Well, if you won't help me, I'll find my own lightning."
Aang says: "Hey there, we found your cub! See, we have no problem with you! We're friendly!"
Sokka says: "Aang, this is bad, you've got to get me out of here!"
Sokka says: "This is really bad! Please Aang, you have to earthbend me out, there's no other way!"
Aang says: "Oh no!  Woo-hoo, look at me!"
Sokka says: "Please, don't leave me again."
Aang says: "I won't."
Sokka says: "What are you doing here?"
Toph says: "Just enjoying the show."
Aang says: "What? You were there the whole time?"
Toph says: "Pretty much."
Aang says: "Why didn't you do something? Sokka was in trouble! I was in trouble! You could have gotten him out and helped us get away!"
Toph says: "Guess it just didn't occur to me."
Aang says: "Enough! I want my staff back!"
Toph says: "Do it now!"
Aang says: "What?"
Toph says: "Earthbend, Twinkle Toes. You just stood your ground against a crazy beast. And even more impressive, you stood your ground against me. You've got stuff."
Aang says: "But–"
Toph says: "Do it!"
Toph says: "You did it! You're an earthbender."
Aang says: "I can't believe it!"
Sokka says: "Awww, this is a really wonderful, touching moment. So could you get me out of here so I can give you both a big, snuggly hug?"
Aang says: "No problem, Sokka!"
Toph says: "Actually, you should probably let me do that. You're still a little new to this. You might accidentally crush him."
Sokka says: "Yeah, no crushing, please."
Katara says: "You found him!"
Sokka says: "The whole time, I was in that hole, not knowing if I was going to live or die. It makes a man to think about what's really important. I realized–"
Aang says: "Hey Katara, look what I can do!"
Katara says: "You did it! I knew you would!  You tried the positive reinforcement, didn't you?"
Toph says: "Yep, it worked wonders."
Aang says: "Appa, Appa, I can earthbend now! The key is being completely rooted. Physically and mentally unmovable!"
Zuko says: "You've always thrown everything you could at me! Well, I can take it, and now I can give it back!  Come on, strike me! You've never held back before!"
Main Aang Appa Foo Foo Cuddlypoops Iroh Katara Momo Sokka Toph Zuko Antagonists Saber-tooth moose lion mother says: "Minor Lu Ten (Iroh's dream only)"
Earth Kingdom soldier says: "Come on, spider snake-eyes!  Ha! Ha! Yeah!"
Zuko says: "Could I get some water, a bag of feed and something hot to eat?"
Store owner says: "Not enough here for a hot meal. I can get you two bags of feed."
Earth Kingdom soldier says: "Ow!"
Gow says: "Hey! You throwing eggs at us, stranger?"
Zuko says: "No."
Gow says: "You see who did throw it?"
Zuko says: "No."
Earth Kingdom soldier says: "That your favorite word, no?"
Gow says: "Egg had to come from somewhere."
Zuko says: "Maybe a chicken flew over."
Gow says: "Thanks for your contribution. The army appreciates your support.  You better leave town. Penalty for stayin's a lot steeper than you can afford, stranger. Trust me."
Store owner says: "Those soldiers are supposed to protect us from the Fire Nation. But they're just a bunch of thugs."
Lee says: "Thanks for not ratting me out!"
Lee says: "I'll take you to my house and feed your ostrich horse for you. Come on, I owe you!"
Lee says: "No one can ever sneak up on us."
Zuko says: "No kidding."
Gansu says: "You a friend of Lee's?"
Lee says: "This guy just stood up to the soldiers! By the end, he practically had them running away!"
Sela says: "Does this guy have a name?"
Zuko says: "I'm ... uh ..."
Gansu says: "He doesn't have to say who he is if he doesn't want to, Sela.  Anyone who can hold his own against those bully soldiers is welcome here. Those men should be ashamed to wear Earth Kingdom uniforms."
Sela says: "The real soldiers are off fighting the War,  like Lee's big brother Sensu.  Supper's going to be ready soon. Would you like to stay?"
Zuko says: "I can't. I should be moving on."
Sela says: "Gansu could use some help on the barn. Why don't you two work for a while, and then we'll eat."
Lee says: "You don't seem like you're from around here."
Zuko says: "Mm-mm."
Lee says: "Where are you from then?"
Zuko says: "Far away."
Lee says: "Ohhh. Where are you going?"
Gansu says: "Lee, give it a rest. Stop asking the man personal questions, got it?"
Lee says: "Yes.  So how'd you get that scar?"
Gansu says: "It's not nice to bother people about things they might not want to talk about. A man's past is his business."
