Aang says: "This is the last chakra, isn't it?"
Pathik says: "Yes. Once you open this chakra, you will be able to go in and out of the Avatar State at will and when you are in the Avatar State, you will have complete control and awareness of all your actions."
Aang says: "Let's do this."
Pathik says: "The Thought Chakra is located at the crown of the head. It deals with pure cosmic energy, and is blocked by earthly attachment. Meditate on what attaches you to this world.  Now, let all of those attachments go. Let them flow down the river, forgotten."
Aang says: "What? Why would I let go of Katara? I ... I love her!"
Pathik says: "Learn to let her go, or you cannot let the pure cosmic energy flow in from the universe."
Aang says: "Why would I choose cosmic energy over Katara?  How could it be a bad thing that I feel an attachment to her? Three chakras ago that was a good thing!"
Pathik says: "You must learn to let go."
Katara says: "Thank goodness you're here, Suki. Something terrible is going on. The Fire Nation has infiltrated the city, I just saw Prince Zuko and his uncle!  We have to tell the Earth King right away!"
Azula says: "Oh, don't worry, I'll be sure to let him know."
Azula says: "So, Zuzu's in the city, too? I think it's time for a family reunion."
Aang says: "I'm sorry, but I can't let go of Katara."
Pathik says: "Aang, to master the Avatar State, you must open all the chakras. Surrender yourself."
Aang says: "Okay, I'll try."
Pathik says: "Now think of your attachments and let them go. Let the pure cosmic energy flow."
Aang says: "Katara's in danger! I have to go!"
Pathik says: "No, Aang! By choosing attachment, you have locked the chakra! If you leave now, you won't be able to go into the Avatar State at all!"
Yu says: "It's another one her tricks!"
Xin Fu says: "There's a giant hole in the box! How is that a trick!?"
Toph says: "It's not! It's the real deal!"
Toph says: "I am the greatest earthbender in the world! Don't you two dunderheads ever forget it!"
Xin Fu says: "I'm going to be stuck in here forever with you, aren't I?"
Yu says: "I have to go the bathroom."
Hakoda says: "Ready to go knock some Fire Nation heads?"
Sokka says: "You don't know how much this means to me, Dad. I'll make you proud and I'll finally prove to you what a great warrior I am."
Hakoda says: "Sokka, you don't have to prove anything to me. I'm already proud of you and I've always known you're a great warrior."
Sokka says: "Really?"
Hakoda says: "Why do you think I trusted you to look after our tribe when I left?"
Sokka says: "This can't be good news."
Azula says: "What is this about? Your agents show up in the middle of the night and drag me down here? You will not treat a Kyoshi Warrior this way!"
Long Feng says: "But you're not a Kyoshi Warrior, are you,  Princess Azula of the Fire Nation?"
Azula says: "What do you want?"
Long Feng says: "I want to make a deal. It's time that I regain control of Ba Sing Se and you have something I need."
Azula says: "Oh?"
Long Feng says: "The Earth King's trust."
Azula says: "Why should I help you?"
Long Feng says: "Because I can get you the Avatar."
Azula says: "I'm listening ..."
Royal messenger says: "A message from the Royal Palace."
Iroh says: "I ... I can't believe it!"
Zuko says: "What is it, Uncle?"
Iroh says: "Great news! We've been invited to serve tea to the Earth King!"
Main Aang Appa Hakoda Iroh Katara Momo Pathik Sokka Toph Zuko Antagonists Azula Long Feng Mai Master Yu Ty Lee Xin Fu says: "Minor Bato Bosco Kuei Royal messenger"
Sokka says: "It's pricey ... but I really do like it."
Katara says: "Then you should get it, you deserve something nice."
Sokka says: "I do, don't I?  But no, it's too expensive. I shouldn't."
Katara says: "All right, then don't."
Sokka says: "You know what? I'm gonna get it."
Flyer distribution man says: "Psst, psst! Hey, you kids love earthbending? You like ... throwing rocks? Then check out Master Yu's Earthbending Academy."
Aang says: "Look! There's a coupon on the back! The first lesson is free."
Katara says: "Who knows? This Master Yu could be the earthbending teacher you've been looking for."
