Toph says: "Ahhh, that's the stuff. Now I know how the rest of you guys feel. Not being able to see with your feet stinks."
Zuko says: "Stop!  I don't want you hunting the Avatar anymore!  The mission is off. I'm ordering you to stop."
Zuko says: "If you keep attacking, I won't pay you!  All right, I'll pay you double to stop!"
Toph says: "He's going to blast this whole place right off the cliff side!"
Katara says: "I can't step out to waterbend at him without being blown up and I can't get a good enough angle on him from down here."
Sokka says: "I know how to get an angle on him!  All right buddy, don't fail me now!"
Sokka says: "Yeah, boomerang!  Awww, boomerang ..."
Aang says: "I can't believe I'm saying this, but ... thanks, Zuko."
Sokka says: "Hey, what about me? I did the boomerang thing."
Zuko says: "Listen, I know I didn't explain myself very well yesterday, I've been through a lot in the last few years, and it's been hard. But I'm realizing that I had to go through all those things to learn the truth. I thought I had lost my honor, and that somehow my father could return it to me. But I know now that no one can give you your honor. It's something you earn for yourself, by choosing to do what's right. All I want to do now is play my part in ending this war, and I know my destiny is to help you restore balance to the world.  I'm sorry for what I did to you.  It was an accident. Fire can be dangerous and wild, so as a firebender, I need to be more careful and control my bending, so I don't hurt people unintentionally."
Aang says: "I think you are supposed to be my firebending teacher. When I first tried to learn firebending, I burned Katara, and after that, I never wanted to firebend again. But now I know you understand how easy it is to hurt the people you love. I'd like you to teach me."
Zuko says: "Thank you. I'm so happy you've accepted me into your group."
Aang says: "Not so fast. I still have to ask my friends if it's okay with them.  Toph, you're the one that Zuko burned. What do you think?"
Toph says: "Go ahead and let him join.  It'll give me plenty of time to get back at him for burning my feet."
Aang says: "Sokka?"
Sokka says: "Hey, all I want is to defeat the Fire Lord. If you think this is the way to do it, then, I'm all for it."
Aang says: "Katara?"
Katara says: "I'll go along with whatever you think is right."
Zuko says: "I won't let you down! I promise!"
Sokka says: "So, here you go, home sweet home, I guess, you know, for now. Unpack? Lunch, soon? Uhhh ... welcome aboard?  Yeah.  Okay, this is really, really weird."
Zuko says: "If I have to, I will spend every day of the rest of my life hunting the Avatar. I know it's my destiny to capture him."
Iroh says: "You know Prince Zuko, destiny is a funny thing. You never know how things are going to work out. But if you keep an open mind, and an open heart, I promise you will find your own destiny someday."
Katara says: "You might have everyone else here buying your ... transformation, but you and I both know you've struggled with doing the right thing in the past.  So let me tell you something, right now. You make one step backward,  one slip-up, give me one reason to think you might hurt Aang, and you won't have to worry about your destiny anymore.  Because I'll make sure your destiny ends ... right then and there. Permanently."
Main Aang Appa Katara Momo Sokka Toph Zuko Antagonists Combustion Man says: "Minor The Duke Haru Iroh (flashback only) Teo"
Katara says: "I can't believe I lost him."
