Katara says: "The plan is simple: This wanted poster says you're worth a lot of money; Ten times more than you've made in all of your scams. So I'm gonna turn you in and collect the reward. Then you metalbend yourself out of jail, and we're on our way."
Toph says: "How could you do this to me? You betrayed me!"
Katara says: "You brought this on yourself. I had no choice."
Town authority says: "You did the right thing by turning in the Runaway."
Katara says: "The right thing is its own reward."
Town authority says: "Well, I'm happy to hear you say that."
Katara says: "But, I still want the actual reward."
Town authority says: "Of course. Right this way."
Toph says: "Hey! What kind of cell is this?"
Female guard says: "A wooden one."
Town authority says: "That's her! That's the girl you were looking for!"
Aang says: "Do you think this scam of theirs should be taking this long?"
Sokka says: "I was just wondering the same thing. We'd better check it out.  You two behave.  Appa's in charge."
Toph says: "Wait! It's a trap!"
Katara says: "Really? No kidding! Is that why we're sitting in a wooden cage right now? Gee, how'd you figure out it was a trap?"
Toph says: "Not for us, Katara! We're the bait! He wants Aang!"
Katara says: "I can't believe I'm so stupid! See? This is exactly why I'm against these scams! I knew this would happen!"
Toph says: "But, this was your idea."
Katara says: "I know. I wanted to show that I'm not so motherly. I wanted to show you that I can have fun too."
Toph says: "Katara, you are fun. If nothing else, you're at least fun to argue with."
Katara says: "I know your relationship with your parents is complicated. And I shouldn't have said what I said."
Toph says: "It's okay. I was really mad when you said that because ... well because, maybe it's true.  I try not to think about it, but when I left, I probably really hurt them."
Sokka says: "Where do you think they might be?"
Aang says: "Where do you think anyone is?  Sokka, watch out!  It's Sparky-Sparky-Boom Man!"
Sokka says: "You know, I'm starting to think that name doesn't quite fit."
Katara says: "What are we gonna do?"
Toph says: "I don't know. I wish we had some earth or water. We need bendables."
Katara says: "What about your meteor bracelet? You can make a saw."
Toph says: "I left it back at camp.  I was worried they would take it."
Toph says: "Um, Katara? Are you okay?"
Katara says: "Just fine."
Toph says: "Well, what are you doing?"
Katara says: "I'm making my own water."
Toph says: "Katara! You're a genius! A sweaty, stinky genius!"
Sokka says: "This guy is too good! He shoots fire from his brain!"
Aang says: "We should split up. He can't chase us both."
Katara says: "Aang, get up!"
Toph says: "Let's get out of here!"
Sokka says: "Hey, I got it! The perfect name for that guy: "Combustion Man!""
Toph says: "Good job, Sokka. Now let's get outta here before Combustion Man catches us."
Sokka says: "See? It fits so well!"
Sokka says: "Well, I'm exhausted. Hawky, how about you, buddy?  Yeah. You're such a lazy little bird."
Toph says: "Katara? I need your help."
Katara says: "What is it, Toph?"
Toph says: "I need you to write some things down for me. I wanna send a letter to my parents."
Katara says: "I'll be happy to help."
Sokka says: "Hey, where'd Hawky go?"
Main Aang Appa Katara Momo Sokka Toph Antagonists Combustion Man says: "Minor Dealer Town authority"
Sokka says: "What's out here?"
Toph says: "A lot, actually. There's hundreds of little ..."
Aang says: "Shh! I know you can see underground, but don't ruin the surprise. Just watch.  Yeah!  I'm putting an orchestra together."
Sokka says: "Orchestra, huh? Well, la-di-da."
Sokka says: "This is great and all, but don't we have more important things to worry about? We should be making plans."
Toph says: "We did make plans. We're all picking mini-vacations."
Sokka says: "There's no time for vacations."
Aang says: "I'm learning the elements as fast as I can. I practice hard every day with Toph and Katara. I've been training my arrow off!"
Katara says: "Yeah, what's wrong with having a little fun in our down time?"
Sokka says: "Even if you do master all of the elements, then what? It's not like we have a map of the Fire Nation.  Should we just head west until we reach the Fire Lord's house?  Knock, knock. Hello, Fire Lord? Anybody home? I don't think so. We need some intelligence if we're going to win this war."
Katara says: "All right, we'll finish our vacations and  then we'll look for Sokka's intelligence."
Aang says: "Your turn, Katara. Where would you like to go on your mini-vacation?"
Katara says: "How about the Misty Palms Oasis? That sounds refreshing."
Aang says: "Oh, yeah, I've been there. It's a pristine natural ice spring. And I usually don't use the word "pristine".  It's one of nature's wonders."
Aang says: "Must've changed ownership since I was here."
Zei says: "One mango, please."
Sokka says: "I don't see anything wrong with having one of those fruity beverages while we plan our strategy.  Excuse me."
Aang says: "No worries, I clean up easy."
Zei says: "You're a living relic."
Aang says: "Thanks, I try."
Zei says: "An Air Nomad, right in front of me.  Professor Zei, head of anthropology at Ba Sing Se University.  Tell me, which of the air temples do you hail from?"
Aang says: "The Southern Temple."
Zei says: "Oh, splendid! Now tell me- what was the primary agricultural product of your people?"
Aang says: "Uh, are fruit pies an agricultural product?"
Zei says: "Oh, truly fascinating. That is one for the journal."
Sokka says: "So Professor, you're obviously a well-traveled guy. Do you have a more current map? Ours seems to be a little dated."
Zei says: "Certainly."
Sokka says: "What, no Fire Nation?  Doesn't anybody have a good map of that place?"
Katara says: "You've made a lot of trips into the desert."
Zei says: "All in vain, I'm afraid. I've found lost civilizations all over the Earth Kingdom,  but I haven't managed to find the crown jewel: Wan Shi Tong's Library."
Toph says: "You spent years walking through the desert to find some guy's library?"
Zei says: "This library is more valuable than gold, little lady. It is said to contain a vast collection of knowledge, and knowledge is priceless."
Toph says: "Hmm, sounds like good times."
Zei says: "Oh, it is. According to legend, it was built by the great Knowledge Spirit, Wan Shi Tong, with the help of his "foxy" knowledge seekers."
Sokka says: "Oh, so this spirit has attractive assistants, huh?"
Katara says: "I think he means they look like actual foxes, Sokka."
Zei says: "You're both right.  Handsome little creatures.  Wan Shi Tong and his knowledge seekers collected books from all over the world, and put them on display for mankind to read, so that we might better ourselves."
Sokka says: "If this place has books from all over the world,  do you think they've got info on the Fire Nation? A map, maybe?"
Zei says: "I wouldn't know. But if such a thing exists, it's in Wan Shi Tong's Library."
Sokka says: "Then it's settled. Aang, I do believe it's my turn. I'd like to spend my vacation  at the library!"
Toph says: "Uh, hey, what about me? When do I get to pick?"
Sokka says: "You gotta work here a little longer before you qualify for vacation time."
Toph says: "Hmph!"
Zei says: "Of course, there's the matter of finding it. I've made several trips into the Si Wong Desert and almost died each time.  I'm afraid that desert's impossible to cross."
Sokka says: "Professor, would you like to see our sky bison?"
Zei says: "A sky bison?! You actually have one?"
