Zei says: "Oh, it's breathtaking!  The spirit spared no expense in designing this place.  Look at those beautiful buttresses!  What's funny?"
Aang says: "Nothing. We just like architecture."
Zei says: "As do I."
Zei says: "My word!  The exquisite mosaic handiwork of this tile-rendered avian symbol ...  Eh, nice owl."
Wan Shi Tong says: "I know you're back there."
Zei says: "Hello, I'm Professor Zei, head of anthropology at Ba Sing Se University."
Wan Shi Tong says: "You should leave the way you came.  Unless you want to become a stuffed head of anthropology."
Sokka says: "Are you the spirit who brought this library to the physical world?"
Wan Shi Tong says: "Indeed, I am Wan Shi Tong, "He Who Knows Ten Thousand Things." And you are obviously humans, which, by the way, are no longer permitted in my study."
Aang says: "What do you have against humans?"
Wan Shi Tong says: "Hm! Humans only bother learning things to get the edge on other humans.  Like that firebender who came to this place a few years ago, looking to destroy his enemy.  So ...  who are you trying to destroy?"
Sokka says: "What? No-no-no-no destroying. We're not into that."
Wan Shi Tong says: "Then why have you come here?"
Sokka says: "Um ... knowledge for knowledge's sake?"
Wan Shi Tong says: "If you're going to lie to an all-knowing spirit being, you should at least put some effort into it."
Sokka says: "I'm not lying, I'm here with the Avatar,  and he's the bridge between our worlds. He'll vouch for me."
Aang says: "Ow.  Uh, yeah, I'll vouch. We will not abuse the knowledge in your library, good spirit.  You have my word."
Wan Shi Tong says: "Hmm, very well. I'll let you peruse my vast collection  on one condition.  To prove your worth as scholars, you have to contribute some worthwhile knowledge."
Zei says: "Please accept this tome as a donation to your library."
Wan Shi Tong says: "First edition, very nice."
Katara says: "I have an authentic waterbending scroll."
Wan Shi Tong says: "Ooh, these illustrations are quite stylish."
Aang says: "Uh ... oh, I know!  Hah!"
Wan Shi Tong says: "I suppose that counts."
Sokka says: "Oh, great spirit,  check this out.  Ta-da!  It's a special knot. That counts as knowledge!"
Wan Shi Tong says: "You're not very bright, are you?  Enjoy the library."
Sokka says: "Bright enough to fool you."
