Zuko says: "You're sure you weren't followed? I've heard about you. They say you're good at what you do, and even better at keeping secrets. The Avatar is alive. I want you to find him, and end him."
Main Aang Katara On Ji Shoji Sokka Toph Zuko Antagonists Azula Headmaster Hide says: "Minor Combustion Man Fire Nation music teacher Fire Nation school students Iroh Mai Ms. Kwan"
Aang says: "I missed you more than you'll ever know, buddy."
Sokka says: "Look, we escaped from the Dai Li. We got Appa back. I'm telling you, we should go to the Earth King now and tell him our plan. We're on a roll."
Katara says: "One good hour after weeks of trouble isn't much of a roll."
Sokka says: "We can build on it. If we want to invade the Fire Nation when the eclipse happens, we'll need the Earth King's support."
Toph says: "What makes you think we'll get it? I don't know if you've noticed, but things don't usually go that smoothly for our little gang."
Sokka says: "I know, but I've got a good feeling about this. This time will be different."
Katara says: "Sokka, Long Feng is in control of the city. His conspiracy with the Dai Li is too powerful. I think we should just keep flying and leave this horrible place behind us."
Toph says: "I'm with Sweetness. I've seen enough of Ba Sing Se.  And I can't even see!"
Aang says: "But now that we have Appa back, there's nothing stopping us from telling the Earth King the truth. About the conspiracy and the War."
Sokka says: "See? Aang's with me.  It's the whole reason we came here in the first place. We have to try."
Katara says: "Well, I guess if the Earth King knew the truth, things could change."
Toph says: "I don't trust the new positive Sokka.  Long Feng brainwashed you, didn't he!?"
Sokka says: "That's probably the Dai Li searching for us.  So?"
Katara says: "Let's fly!"
Toph says: "Can we please buy a new saddle? Riding bareback is terrifying!"
Sokka says: "There it is! That whole thing is the palace! The Earth King's chamber should be in the center!"
Katara says: "We have to be careful. Long Feng's probably warned the king that we're coming."
Sokka says: "Why would you assume that? If you ask me, I think we're just gonna sail right in and-  Aahh!"
Toph says: "What was that?"
Sokka says: "Surface-to-air rocks!  More incoming!"
Katara says: "Sorry!"
Katara says: "Sorry! We just need to get through to see the Earth King!"
Sokka says: "Seriously, we're actually on your guys' side!  Sorry."
Sokka says: "In there!"
Sokka says: "Toph, which way to the Earth King?"
Toph says: "How should I know? I'm still voting we leave Ba Sing Se."
Palace woman says: "Burglar!"
Sokka says: "Sorry. Wrong door."
Iroh says: "You did the right thing. Letting the Avatar's bison go free."
Zuko says: "I don't feel right."
Iroh says: "Zuko!"
Sokka says: "Now that's an impressive door. It's gotta go somewhere.  Yaaah!  A little warning next time?"
Aang says: "We need to talk to you."
Long Feng says: "They're here to overthrow you."
Sokka says: "No, we're on your side. We're here to help."
Katara says: "You have to trust us."
Kuei says: "You invade my palace, lay waste to all my guards, break down my fancy door, and you expect me to trust you?"
Toph says: "He has a good point."
Kuei says: "If you are on my side, then drop your weapons and stand down!"
Aang says: "See? We're friends, Your Earthiness."
Long Feng says: "Detain the assailants!"
Sokka says: "But we dropped our weapons. We're your allies."
Long Feng says: "Make sure the Avatar and his friends never see daylight again."
Kuei says: "The Avatar?  You're the Avatar?"
Sokka says: "Uh, no. Him."
Aang says: "Over here."
Long Feng says: "What does it matter, Your Highness? They're enemies of the state."
Kuei says: "Perhaps you're right.  Though Bosco seems to like him.  I'll hear what he has to say."
Aang says: "Well, sir, there's a war going on right now. For the past one hundred years in fact. The Dai Li's kept it secret from you. It's a conspiracy to control the city, and to control you."
Kuei says: "A secret war? That's crazy!"
Long Feng says: "Completely!"
Aang says: "Long Feng didn't want us to tell you, so he stole our sky bison to blackmail us. And blackmail is the least of his crimes; he brainwashed our friend!"
Long Feng says: "All lies. I've never even seen a sky bison, Your Majesty. Frankly, I thought they were extinct."
Kuei says: "Your claim is difficult to believe. Even from an Avatar."
Long Feng says: "These hooligans are part of an anarchist cell that my agents have been tracking for weeks.  If you listen to them, you're playing right into your own destruction."
Kuei says: "I have to trust my advisor."
Sokka says: "Wait!  I can prove he's lying. Long Feng said he's never seen a sky bison. Ask him to lift his robe."
Long Feng says: "What? I am not disrobing!"
Aang says: "Right there! Appa bit him!"
Sokka says: "Never met a sky bison, huh?"
Long Feng says: "That happens to be a large birth mark.  Thanks for showing everyone."
Kuei says: "Well I suppose there's no way to prove where those marks came from."
Sokka says: "Of course there is!"
Kuei says: "Yup. That pretty much proves it.  But it doesn't prove this crazy conspiracy theory.  Though, I suppose this matter's worth looking into."
Iroh says: "You're burning up.  You have an intense fever.  This will help cool you down."
Zuko says: "So thirsty."
Iroh says: "Here's some clean water to drink.  Stay under the blankets and sweat this out."
Kuei says: "So this is what a train is like? I didn't realize it would be this ... public."
Katara says: "So you've never been outside the Upper Ring before?"
Kuei says: "I've never been outside the palace.  Now that's the way to travel.  So, may I ask where we're going?"
Sokka says: "Underneath Lake Laogai, Your Kingliness. To the Dai Li's secret headquarters. You're about to see where all the brainwashing and conspiring took place."
