Katara says: "You too, Momo."
Aang says: "Come here."
Ozai says: "Iroh is a traitor, and your brother Zuko is a failure. I have a task for you."
Main Aang Appa Arnook Katara Iroh La Momo Pakku Sokka Tui Yue says: "Antagonists Fire Nation soldiers Koh Zhao Zuko Minor Azula Baboon spirit Hahn Hei Bai Ozai Roku Water Tribe warriors"
Katara says: "Water. Earth. Fire. Air. Long ago, the four nations lived together in harmony. Then, everything changed when the Fire Nation attacked. Only the Avatar, master of all four elements, could stop them, but when the world needed him most, he vanished. A hundred years passed, and my brother and I discovered the new Avatar, an airbender named Aang. And although his airbending skills are great, he has a lot to learn before he's ready to save anyone. But I believe Aang can save the world."
Village kids says: "Yay! Aang's back!"
Sokka says: "I knew it!  You signaled the Fire Navy with that flare! You're leading them straight to us, aren't you?"
Katara says: "Aang didn't do anything! It was an accident."
Aang says: "Yeah. We were on the ship and there was this booby trap, and, well --  -- we booby-ed right into it."
Kanna says: "Katara, you shouldn't have gone on that ship! Now we could all be in danger!"
Aang says: "Don't blame Katara. I brought her there. It's my fault."
Sokka says: "Aha! The traitor confesses! Warriors, away from the enemy.  The foreigner is banished from our village."
Katara says: "Sokka, you're making a mistake."
Sokka says: "No, I'm keeping my promise to Dad.  I'm protecting you, from threats like him!"
Katara says: "Aang is not our enemy!  Don't you see? Aang's brought us something we haven't had in a long time: fun."
Sokka says: "Fun?! We can't fight firebenders with fun!"
Aang says: "You should try it sometime."
Sokka says: "Get out of our village! Now!"
Katara says: "Grandmother, please. Don't let Sokka do this!"
Kanna says: "Katara, you knew going on that ship was forbidden. Sokka is right. I think it best if the airbender leaves."
Katara says: "Fine! Then I'm banished, too!  Come on Aang, let's go."
Sokka says: "Where do you think you're going?"
Katara says: "To find a waterbender. Aang is taking me to the North Pole."
Aang says: "I am?  Great!"
Sokka says: "Katara! Would you really choose him over your tribe?  Your own family?"
Aang says: "Katara, I don't want to come between you and your family."
Katara says: "So, you're leaving the South Pole?  This is goodbye?"
Aang says: "Thanks for penguin sledding with me."
Katara says: "Where will you go?"
Aang says: "Guess I'll go back home and look for the airbenders.  Wow, I haven't cleaned my room in a hundred years. Not looking forward to that.  It was nice meeting everyone."
Sokka says: "Let's see your bison fly now, air boy."
Aang says: "Come on Appa, you can do it. Yip-yip!"
Sokka says: "Yeah, I thought so!"
Southern Water Tribe girl says: "Ahhh!  Aang, don't go! I'll miss you!"
Aang says: "I'll miss you, too.  Come on, boy."
Kanna says: "Katara, you'll feel better after you-"
Katara says: "You happy now?  There goes my one chance at becoming a waterbender!"
Sokka says: "All right, ready our defenses! The Fire Nation could be on our shores any moment now!"
Southern Water Tribe boy says: "But I gotta ..."
Sokka says: "And no potty breaks!"
