Katara says: "Aang, what are you doing?! Run!"
Aang says: "You're the spirit of this forest! Now I understand. You're upset and angry because your home was burned down. When I saw the forest had burned, I was sad and upset, but my friend gave me hope that the forest would grow back."
Katara says: "Sokka!"
Sokka says: "What happened?"
Katara says: "You were trapped in the Spirit World for 24 hours! How are you feeling?"
Sokka says: "Like I seriously need to use the bathroom."
Senlin Village leader says: "Thank you, Avatar. If only there were a way to repay you for what you've done."
Sokka says: "You could give us some supplies, and some money."
Katara says: "Sokka!"
Sokka says: "What? We need stuff."
Senlin Village leader says: "It would be an honor to help you prepare for your journey."
Katara says: "I'm so proud of you, Aang. You figured out what to do, all on your own."
Aang says: "Actually, I did have a little help and there's something else."
Sokka says: "What is it?"
Aang says: "I need to talk to Roku and I think I found a way to contact his spirit."
Katara says: "That's great!"
Sokka says: "Creepy, but great."
Aang says: "There's a temple on a crescent-shaped island and if I go there on the solstice, I'll be able to speak with him."
Katara says: "But the solstice is tomorrow!"
Aang says: "Yeah, and there's one more problem. The island is in the Fire Nation."
Main Aang Appa Katara Hei Bai Iroh Kay-fon Momo Senlin Village leader Sokka Zuko says: "Minor Earthbender captain Fang"
Aang says: "I can't believe it. I know the War has spread far,  but Omashu always seemed ... untouchable."
Sokka says: "Up until now it was.  Now Ba Sing Se is the only great Earth Kingdom stronghold left."
Katara says: "This is horrible,  but we have to move on."
Aang says: "No, I'm going in to find Bumi."
Sokka says: "Aang, stop. We don't even know if Bumi's still ..."
Aang says: "What? If he's still what?"
Sokka says: "A-around."
Katara says: "I know you had your heart set on Bumi, but there are other people who can teach you earthbending."
Aang says: "This isn't about finding a teacher. This is about finding my friend."
