Main Bolin Bumi Korra Kya Mako Tenzin Antagonists Dark spirits Unavaatu says: "Minor Asami Sato Desna and Eska Ikki Iroh Jinora Lin Beifong Meelo Pema Raiko Varrick Zhu Li"
Shiro Shinobi says: "Korra and Mako have discovered the truth about Amon's identity. He's a waterbender, a bloodbender, and brother to Tarrlok! Now, Korra and Mako plan to infiltrate the Equalists' victory rally and expose Amon as a fraud. Meanwhile, Asami, Bolin, and General Iroh head toward Hiroshi's secret airfield, where Asami intends to take down her father?"
Iroh says: "I think we've found our secret airfield.  Bolin, once we get down there, I need you to tear up those runways. We can't let those aircraft take off."
Bolin says: "Aye aye, captain!  Ooh, general, general.  All right, you guys wait here until we get back, okay?  Uh-uh, stay."
Asami says: "Why would there be fence posts but no fence?"
Amon says: "Thank you all for joining me on this historic occasion!  When I was a boy, a firebender struck down my entire family and left me scarred. That tragic event began my quest to equalize the world."
Korra says: "That's a lie, Amon!  Or should I call you Noatak?"
Lieutenant says: "You want her taken out?"
Amon says: "No.  Everyone calm down, we have nothing to fear from the Avatar. Let's hear what she has to say."
Korra says: "Amon has been lying to you. The spirits didn't give him the power to take people's bending away. He uses bloodbending to do it.  Amon is a waterbender!"
Lieutenant says: "What is this nonsense?"
Amon says: "You're desperate, Avatar. Making up stories about me is a pathetic last resort."
Korra says: "Your family wasn't killed by a firebender.  His father was Yakone,  and his brother ... is Councilman Tarrlok."
Amon says: "Hmph, an amusing tale, but I will show you the truth.  This is what a firebender did to me."
Korra says: "What?"
Equalist supporter says: "The Avatar is lying!"
Korra says: "I'm telling you!  He's a waterbender.  They don't believe me. It didn't work!"
Mako says: "We said what we had to. Let's get out of here."
Amon says: "I wouldn't leave yet, Avatar. You'll miss the main event."
Korra says: "No ... they got away.  We saw them get away!"
