Lin says: "Su, what are you doing home?"
Suyin says: "Wow, you almost look like a real cop!"
Lin says: "You're supposed to be in school."
Suyin says: "Oh no, are you going to tell Mom? It's not like she's going to care."
Lin says: "Where'd you get all that stuff?"
Boy says: "Oh, it fell off the back of a truck."
Lin says: "What are you doing hanging out with these losers?"
Suyin says: "They're my friends and you have no right to call them that! Come on guys, let's get out of here."
Lin says: "Su, stop."
Suyin says: "Get your hands off of me!"
Lin says: "You have so much potential. You're ruining your life!"
Suyin says: "At least I have a life!"
Suyin says: "These meteorites are perfect for beginning metalbenders. The metals have a unique property, making them easier to bend."
Korra says: "That's amazing!"
Suyin says: "Here, try it!"
Korra says: "Okay."
Korra says: "Bolin? Is that you?"
Bolin says: "No!"
Korra says: "What are you doing?"
Bolin says: "Oh, hey ladies. Just uh ... I was just looking for Pabu. Pabu!"
Korra says: "He's on your shoulder."
Bolin says: "Oh, look there you are!  You know, I thought something was chewing on my ear. Probably need to get a shot. Pabu has sort of a ... a venom. Anyways, so what are you guys doing? You metalbending over here or something?"
Suyin says: "Want to give it a shot?"
Bolin says: "Nah, it's okay. I mean, only like one earthbender in a hundred can metalbend."
Suyin says: "Well, don't believe everything you hear. The only thing limiting you is your attitude."
Bolin says: "Well, maybe I'll just ... I'll just stay and watch."
Suyin says: "Try to focus on the fine pieces of earth within the metal."
Korra says: "I can't believe it! I'm metalbending!"
Bolin says: "Wow, you picked that up really, really quick. Guess you're that one in a hundred."
Suyin says: "Great job, Korra."
Radio says: "Calling all units. Property reported on the corner of 5th and Harbor. Suspect's vehicle headed south on Hallow Boulevard. Units responding, identify."
Lin says: "Unit three responding."
Suyin says: "Leave them alone!"
Lin says: "Su?"
