Bolin says: "Were you surprised? Because I was really surprised. Won't this turn all the world leaders against us?"
Varrick says: "Relax, kid, what can they do? Kuvira controls the whole nation now, and Republic City is begging for the metal that we're mining. This train has left the station, and we own the track!"
Varrick says: "Now that's a nice looking hunk of spirit vine! Let's take it back to the lab and get it stabilized immediately."
Kuvira says: "You look worried, Bolin."
Bolin says: "Yeah, well, I just have some misgivings about how you kind of ambushed Tenzin and the other leaders."
Kuvira says: "You believe in the work that we've done for the people of the Earth Empire, right, Bolin?"
Bolin says: "I do, but ..."
Kuvira says: "Then stick with me. I'm going to need your help now more than ever. Raiko and the other leaders want to bully us into accepting some idiot king who will serve them but neglect the people. We have to stand strong against them."
Bolin says: "I'm just not sure about this whole "Empire" thing. It seems pretty aggressive. And what was that part about the crushing?"
Kuvira says: "That was just some ... tough rhetoric to let people know that we mean business. Believe me,  conflict is the last thing I want. Will you help me make history, Bolin?"
Bolin says: "I'll stand by you."
Kuvira says: "Thank you."
Suyin says: "We need to talk."
Kuvira says: "Can you give us the room, please?"
Suyin says: "I met with the world leaders, and I've come as their representative."
Kuvira says: "So now you're taking an interest in world affairs. A little late, isn't it? When the queen fell, and everyone was asking you to help keep the Earth Kingdom from falling apart, all you wanted to do was hide in Zaofu, and let others deal with the consequences."
Suyin says: "That's hardly fair. I didn't want to seize power for myself, which is what you've done. I'm telling you for the good of everyone, you have to step down."
Kuvira says: "I stepped up. I provide stability and equality. Tell your world leaders to stay out of Earth Empire business. We won't accept their hand-picked dictator."
Suyin says: "What makes you so different? You're just another tyrant. And don't pretend the people put you where you are. I know what happens to cities who don't want to hand over control to you."
Kuvira says: "Then you know what's coming for Zaofu."
Wu says: "First I lose my suite, then I lose my throne. My royal brooch is a lie!  I know you must be crushed, not getting to come back to Ba Sing Se with me."
Mako says: "Don't worry about me. I'll ... find a way to make it."
Wu says: "Good ol' Mako, my big tough guy.  Okay. I just have to go on, move forward, take decisive action.  Let's go shopping!"
Wu says: "Ugh. Get rid of him. He's with her."
Mako says: "He's my brother."
Bolin says: "Interesting ceremony, huh?"
Mako says: "You aren't going to keep working for Kuvira now that she's going against the wishes of the entire world, are you?"
Bolin says: "You don't understand. Kuvira is helping out all the poor people of the Earth Empire. People like our family. This is for the best."
Mako says: "I don't know, bro."
Bolin says: "Okay, why don't you come with me, and you'll see for yourself? We've done a lot of good, and Varrick is working on some new innovations. We're making history."
Mako says: "By "crushing" anyone who gets in your way?"
Bolin says: "That was just some tough rhetoric to let the people know that we mean business. I mean, Kuvira is basically just like Korra.  She might seem hard to deal with, but just because she's so passionate and believes in what she's doing."
Mako says: "It seems like she's just a dictator who's taking the Earth Kingdom by force."
Bolin says: "Oh, okay, you think your new best friend in there  would be a better leader than Kuvira?"
Mako says: "Well, no, but still ..."
Bolin says: "Still what? Come on, Mako! I'm making a difference out there, what are you doing, huh? You're just some glorified butler for some snotty rich bozo!"
