Female bandit #1 says: "You're ... Kuvira."
Kuvira says: "And you're the bandits who have been causing chaos where I'm trying to establish order, aren't you?"
Female bandit #1 says: "We're sorry, we didn't know this was your train and ..."
Kuvira says: "Don't talk over me!"
Male bandit #1 says: "Please, take mercy on us!"
Kuvira says: "Stop groveling as if this is the worst day of your life. This ... is a good day. I'm going to give you all the opportunity to rehabilitate yourselves, and become productive members of your nation. Right now, you're lost, but pledge your loyalty to me, and I'll give you a new purpose in your lives. Of course, if you don't want to join, you could always stay right here. Hopefully, someone saves you before the next train speeds through, but I wouldn't count on it."
Male bandit #1 says: "No, we'll join. Don't leave us here."
Female bandit #1 says: "We pledge our loyalty to you, Great Uniter."
Mako says: "I don't know why we're leaving so early if you're just getting a haircut. The dinner at Air Temple Island isn't until later tonight."
Wu says: "Because I'm not just getting a haircut, it's a spa day! We're talking minimum four hours."
Mako says: "Are you kidding me?  What are you having done that takes four hours?"
Wu says: "A rejuvenating tea-leaf skin wrap. Have you ever gotten one of those, Mako?"
Mako says: "Yeah, I'm ... not interested."
Wu says: "You will be.  So while your hands soak in a bubbling milk-bath, your feet are in a tub full of these little sucker-fish that literally eat your calluses away. Gobble them right up! Crazy, huh?"
Mako says: "That's disgusting!"
Wu says: "Then, they scrape your skin with blocks of sea-salt and lube you up with seaweed-infused aloe, wrap you in tea leaves, put you in a hot box for four hours, and bam! You're done!  Mako, look at all my fans! They must be in town for my coronation."
Mako says: "I don't know if all those people are your fans."
Mako says: "Wu, we have to get you out of here!  Go! Go!"
Wu says: "What just happened out there?"
Mako says: "I think those were Kuvira's supporters in the crowd."
Wu says: "Oh no! Mako, I've been hit! It's a gusher!"
Mako says: "That's not blood. It's strawberry pie."
Wu says: "Oh. Yeah, you're right.  But that was close. I don't know what would have happened if you weren't there."
Mako says: "You would have been hit by a pie. It's really not that big of a deal."
Wu says: "Or I could have been killed! I don't know what I'd ever do without you! Wait a second. Did you say strawberry pie?  I'm allergic to strawberries!  I don't think I can breathe! Get me to the hospital! Wu down!"
Mako says: "You're allergic to bee stings!"
Wu says: "Oh. Yeah, you're right.  I always get those two mixed up."
