Crowd member says: "I see him! He's right there!"
Mako says: "I am the escaped convict, and you will all reap my fire."
Bolin says: "Oh no! Who will help us?"
Korra says: "I will. With my airbending skills!"
Mako says: "Ah! Hey! Let me go! This is not what we rehearsed! Korra!"
Bolin says: "With the power of airbending, even this beast can float!  Like a feather.  Look what can be done in only a few short weeks of practice!"
Bolin says: "No no, don't worry folks. She might be young, but she is in full control!"
Bolin says: "Ladies and gentlemen, if you, or anyone you know is an airbender, please, send them our way! Master Tenzin and Avatar Korra would love to teach them all they know!"
Kai says: "Hey! Hello. If you're looking for airbenders, you just found one."
Kai says: "I wanna join you guys."
Bolin says: "Get outta town!"
Korra says: "We got our first recruit.  Just to be totally clear, we're going to be heading to Ba Sing Se, then the Northern Air Temple to live as nomads and rebuild the Air Nation. All that sound good to you?"
Kai says: "Yeah, Ba Sing Se, rebuild the temple, Air Nomad what-do-you-do, I'm in. Let's go right now."
Bolin says: "This is going to be so great!  You going to love it, er ... ah ... real quick, what's your name?"
Kai says: "Kai. So when do we hit the road?"
Tenzin says: "Hang on a second Kai, where are your parents? We can't have you come with us without their permission."
Kai says: "My parents are ... gone."
Bolin says: "You're an orphan?"
Kai says: "It happened about a year ago. My home town was raided by outlaws, but my parents fought back against them. I was so scared, but they told me not to worry they would protect me, and they did. My parents saved me and the entire village, but they died in the fight. Mum and pap meant everything to me, they're were my whole life.  Ever since then, I've been on the run. Those same outlaws are still after me."
Bolin says: "Well, you don't have to be on the run anymore,  right guys? Tell him."
Tenzin says: "I'm so sorry about your parents. I know we could never replace them ...  but we are here for you."
Korra says: "We'll keep you safe, come on."
Bolin says: "When you board this airship, you're going to leave your old life behind and start a new path. That's big brother advice. Just think of me as your big brother."
Mako says: "Guys! I think we got trouble."
Earth Kingdom sheriff says: "Release the boy, or we'll take him by force."
Kai says: "The outlaws! They're here ... Uh, let's get out of here."
Korra says: "We are not running away from anyone."
Korra says: "If you want Kai, you'll have to go through me!"
Korra says: "Your days of harassing an innocent boy is over. You outlaws are going to prison."
Earth Kingdom sheriff says: "Outlaws? Innocent boy? I'm a sheriff  and these are my deputies, and this kid is a thief.  Whatever he told you was a lie, we've been chasing him for months."
Korra says: "Where's Kai?"
Mako says: "Right here, I found him slipping away."
Kai says: "I was just going to the bathroom."
Mako says: "With your stash of gold?"
Kai says: "I told you, I found this on the road."
Mako says: "Enough with the lies kid. I want the truth."
Earth Kingdom sheriff says: "The truth is, he's the outlaw. He spent an entire life in an orphanage, got adopted by a real nice family six months ago, and how did he repay them? By taking their entire life savings. We've been after him ever since."
Korra says: "Is that true?"
Kai says: "The person who stole that stuff was the old me. Once I got airbending, I changed. I don't know how to explain it, but I feel like airbending choose me for a reason , like I'm a new person. I'm sorry! Please, you have to listen to me."
Bolin says: "Are, are you taking him back to the orphanage?"
Earth Kingdom sheriff says: "No, he's headed to jail."
Korra says: "Wait! You've got the family's life savings, now let us take Kai."
Tenzin says: "Do you really want our first member of the Air Nation to be a liar and a thief?"
Korra says: "He just needs some guidance, Tenzin. Who better to give it to him than us?"
Earth Kingdom sheriff says: "Do you want this boy or not?"
Tenzin says: "Yes, you can release the boy into our custody."
Kai says: "Thank you!"
Korra says: "Don't make me regret it."
Bolin says: "Welcome to the family, little bro."
