Kuvira says: "It's time to go. We're not wanted here."
Bolin says: "What happened?"
Kuvira says: "It appears we can't make a deal right now."
Kai says: "Wait! Aren't you guys going to stick around and help?"
Kuvira says: "Here's the contract. We'll wait at the border for one day. You get the governor to sign it, and you'll have all the help you need."
Bolin says: "I guess ... I got to go."
Opal says: "Don't! Please, you can't turn your back on these people!"
Bolin says: "I'm not! I wanna help, but if the Governor wants us gone, there's ... there's nothing I can do. I'm sorry.  Hey ... Opal, please."
Opal says: "Leave, if that's what you're going to do."
Kai says: "You know, we might not need their help after all. The roads may be impassable, but not the skies. We can use Lefty to fly to all the nearby villages, pick up supplies, and fly back."
Opal says: "You're right. We can save this town ourselves."
Farmer says: "Sorry we couldn't give you more. That's all we could spare."
Opal says: "Every little bit helps. Because of you and the other farmers around here, we have more than enough food to feed the town until we can get some reinforcements."
Kai says: "Thanks!"
Kai says: "So ... you and Bolin doing okay?"
Opal says: "I don't know. It's really tough having a long distance relationship. And I can't stand that he's working with Kuvira."
Kai says: "I can tell. But it does seem like he found his calling, doesn't it? He loves helping people."
Opal says: "Maybe. It's just ... he's changed a lot since he's been around her."
Kai says: "He's growing up."
Opal says: "I just hope we're not growing apart.  Speaking of long-distance relationships, how are you and Jinora doing?"
Kai says: "Actually, we're doing fine.  You hear that?"
Kai says: "It's more bandits!"
Kai says: "We're hooked!"
Kai says: "No!"
Governor says: "What happened? Where's all the food?"
Opal says: "We were attacked in mid-air. We lost everything."
Kai says: "It might be time to make a tough call."
Governor says: "Here. Tell Kuvira to save my people."
Kai says: "For what it's worth, I think you made the right decision."
Governor says: "Did I ever really have a choice?"
Meelo says: "When Korra gets here, I bet she's not even going to know who I am."
Ikki says: "Why is that?"
Meelo says: "Because Meelo the boy  has turned into Meelo the man!"
Ikki says: "Right. You're completely unrecognizable."
