Iroh says: "They say that the game of Pai Sho was invented by the spirits ... although some of them don't seem to grasp it very well."
Lotus spirit says: "Just hold on. I'm thinking."
Iroh says: "As you can see, it is a game that requires great patience. But time does not mean much to us here."
Korra says: "How long have you lived here?"
Iroh says: "Oh, I've been here for many years. I had always enjoyed the company of the spirits,  so when my work was done in the material world,  I chose to leave my body behind and come to the Spirit World! It can be a wonderful place, and I've made so many friends.  Korra, what's wrong?"
Korra says: "I came here with my friend, but I lost her and now I'm all alone."
Iroh says: "You're not alone Korra, it's okay."
Korra says: "No! It's not okay! Jinora's gone and I need to find her! She's lost, and we need to go home!  I don't like the Spirit World, I don't want to be here anymore!"
May says: "Did you say something to her?"
Jim says: "Me? You're the one with the big mouth!"
Iroh says: "Korra, please stop! Look at what you're doing to everyone!"
Korra says: "I did that?"
Iroh says: "In the Spirit World, your emotions become your reality- especially for the Avatar, because you are the bridge between the two worlds. You must try to stay positive."
Korra says: "I'm sorry."
Iroh says: "There, you see?"
Korra says: "I can make the sun shine?"
Iroh says: "Even in the material world, you will find that if you look for the light, you can often find it. But if you look for the dark,  that is all you will ever see."
Korra says: "I'm looking for my friend. I want her here now!  Why didn't she come out like the sun?"
Iroh says: "I'm afraid finding her won't be so easy."
Korra says: "But what am I supposed to do?"
Iroh says: "Sometimes the best way to solve your own problems is to help someone else.  This little fellow needs to go home as well. Maybe if you help him find his friends, you will be able to find yours."
Korra says: "I'll take him home! Where do I go?"
Iroh says: "The dragon bird nest is located there, at the top of Hai-Riyo Peak."
Jinora says: "Ugh, it's not in here either! I have to find the portals. Korra is probably waiting for me there right now! I need to find a map that shows where the spirit portals are, could you help me? Thanks, this is it! The Tree of Time! That's where Avatar Wan imprisoned Vaatu! The elders believe that as long as the portals are closed during the Harmonic Convergence, Vaatu will remain imprisoned and the battle between good and evil will not be fought again. But, if both portals are open, spirit energy is amplified greatly. During the Harmonic Convergence, this energy will be great enough to allow Vaatu to break free from his bonds, and the material world will again risk being consumed by darkness. We have to warn Korra!"
Unalaq says: "Leaving so soon? When Wan Shi Tong told me he had a visitor, I had to see it with my own eyes. I can't believe Tenzin sent his daughter here instead of coming himself - what kind of a father is he?"
Jinora says: "Better than you. Wan Shi Tong, how can you be helping him?"
Wan Shi Tong says: "Unalaq has proven to be a true friend to the spirits - unlike the Avatar."
Jinora says: "Why would you wanna help Vaatu escape? He'll destroy everything!"
Unalaq says: "Don't believe everything you read. Why don't you come with me, so you can do some firsthand research?"
Jinora says: "Furry-Foot ...?"
