Radio host says: "You're listening to "The Music Hour"!  Brought to you by Cabbage Corp,  Republic City's trusted name in technology for over fifty years."
Korra says: "Man, I got a good feeling about tonight. I don't care if we are the underdogs. We can take those pompous Wolfbats."
Mako says: "It's going to be our toughest match ever, but I think you're right."
Bolin says: "Introducing your new champs, the fantastic Fire Ferrets!"
Amon says: "Good morning, citizens of Republic City. This is Amon.  I hope you all enjoyed last night's pro-bending match, because it will be the last.  It's time for this city to stop worshiping bending athletes as if they were heroes. I am calling on the council to shut down the bending arena  and cancel the finals, or else there will be severe consequences."
Bolin says: "That guy's got some nerve."
Mako says: "You think the council will give in?"
Korra says: "I'm not waiting to find out. We need to get to City Hall."
Tenzin says: "Korra, you shouldn't be here. This is a closed meeting."
Korra says: "As the Avatar and a pro-bending player, I have a right to be heard. You can't cancel the finals."
Tenzin says: "I know winning the championship means a lot to you. But as far as I'm concerned, we need to shut the arena down."
Korra says: "What about the rest of you? Tarrlok, there's no way you're backing down from Amon, right?"
Tarrlok says: "Actually,  Tenzin and I agree for once."
Tenzin says: "The council is unanimous. We're closing the arena."
Mako says: "No!"
Bolin says: "You can't!"
Korra says: "I-I don't understand. I thought you, of all people, would take a stand against Amon."
Tarrlok says: "While I am still committed to bringing that lunatic to justice, I will not put innocent lives at stake just so you and your friends can play a game."
Mako says: "Pro-bending might only be a game to you, but think of what it means to the city! Right now the arena is the one place where benders and nonbenders gather together ... in-in peace! To watch benders ..."
Bolin says: "Beat each other up! In peace!  It's an inspiration to everyone!"
Tarrlok says: "I appreciate your naive idealism, but you're ignoring the reality of the situation."
Korra says: "The reality is if you close the arena, you let Amon win!"
Bolin says: "Yes, exactly what she said! Yes!"
Tarrlok says: "I'm sorry, but our decision has been made. This meeting is adjourned."
