Jinora says: "How can you steal these bisons? They're endangered."
Ganbat says: "Well, that's why they're worth so much. The Earth Queen and her fancy friends pay big money for bison steaks and other rare meats. I even heard she ate her dad's pet bear."
Jinora says: "You're disgusting."
Kai says: "Hey, do that spirit beaming thing you did to find me. Go to the temple for help."
Jinora says: "I can't. I'm all cramped in here and I need quiet and time to focus. But, maybe I can send a message.  Spirits, I need your help.  Go find Bum-Ju, tell him we're in trouble."
Bumi says: "No, I don't think I should apologize. Tenzin just wants to boss everybody around. I'm too old for that.  Well, let's face it. I'm just not cut out to be an airbender!  Well, that's your opinion.  Wait, Jinora sent this spirit? Is she in trouble?"
Bumi says: "Jinora's in trouble. We have to go get her."
Yung says: "How do you know?"
Bumi says: "Bum-Ju's friend told me."
Otaku says: "You're able to communicate with the spirits?"
Bumi says: "More or less, I get the gist. Let's go."
Daw says: "Shouldn't Master Tenzin be dealing with this? I don't want to get into trouble"
Bumi says: "Master Tenzin isn't here. It's up to us. Ikki and Meelo, grab some bison. Airbenders, move out!"
Bumi says: "Bison rustlers. They've got Kai and Jinora locked in crates. Looks like they're getting ready to leave, we'll have to move fast."
Daw says: "I don't know if I'm ready to get in a fight with some bison rustlers. I can tell without that telescope that they're mean-looking."
Bumi says: "Listen, this is what we've been training for."
Daw says: "We haven't been training that long."
Bumi says: "That's not important now. Remembered how we persevered together on that obstacle course?"
Otaku says: "You actually quit."
Bumi says: "Well, I'm not quitting now. I know we've had a tough time, me more than anyone, but we're airbenders, and there aren't many of us so we've got to stick together. They've got two of our own in cages out there, and we're not leaving until we bring them home."
Meelo says: "Leave no airbender behind!"
Kai says: "In. Down. And twist."
Jinora says: "Free the bison first."
Bison rustler #2 says: "Hey! What are you doing out?"
Jinora says: "Kai!"
Tenzin says: "What's going on down there?"
Jinora says: "Kai! Help!"
Tenzin says: "I'm coming Jinora."
Ganbat says: "What the ..."
Ganbat says: "You got me. I give up."
Kai says: "You think you can kidnap Jinora, and all these baby bisons?!"
Tenzin says: "Kai, that's enough! An airbender never attacks a defenseless opponent.  But that was very good technique."
