Suyin says: "I say we make our approach from the west, drop down from the airship on cables, ambush these Red Lotus low-lives before they know what hit them."
Lin says: "It will never work. That Combustion Lady will pick us off one by one."
Suyin says: "You have a better idea on how to save the airbenders?"
Lin says: "Yeah. We come up from the valley, scale the side of the mountain and take them off guard."
Tonraq says: "That could work."
Suyin says: "And give them the high ground? No, if their lavabender spots us, he'll melt the mountainside and us with it."
Bolin says: "Wait, I've got it. I'll disguise myself as a lost hiker, and once I'm in the temple, I'll distract the Red Lotus with my bird calls.  That's when you all strike."
Mako says: "Bird calls, really?"
Bolin says: "Well I haven't noticed you offering any suggestions."
Korra says: "It doesn't matter. None of these ideas will work. The second Zaheer realizes we're up to something, he'll wipe out the airbenders."
Suyin says: "And Opal is one of those airbenders. Believe me, I understand what's at stake."
Korra says: "Then I'll think you agree that the only plan that will work is for me to give myself up."
Mako says: "What?"
Lin says: "Korra, no."
Tonraq says: "We'll figure out another way."
Korra says: "I talked it over with Lord Zuko, and I've given it a lot of thought. I have to do this."
Asami says: "You can't expect us to sit by and let Zaheer take you."
Korra says: "The world has been out of balance for far too long: it needs the Air Nation back again. I can't let Zaheer destroy it and everyone we love. Help me save the airbenders, then you can worry about saving me."
Tonraq says: "We're with you, Korra."
Suyin says: "Yes, whatever you need, they're here."
Korra says: "I'll go radio Zaheer."
Korra says: "Zaheer, are you there? It's me."
Zaheer says: "I've been waiting for your call. So, do we have a deal?"
Korra says: "Yes. You release the airbenders, and then I'll turn myself over."
Zaheer says: "And take away the only leverage I have? No. I can't do that. Listen carefully, here's what I need you to do."
