Saikhan says: "It was an honor serving under Chief Beifong for so many years  and I wish her a speedy recovery. It is with great humility that I take her place as the new Chief of Police. Republic City is facing a threat like none the world has ever seen but there is one man who's been effective against Amon's revolution, Councilman Tarrlok.  That is why for all matters involving the Equalists, I will report directly to him.  The police department will lend any and all available resources to the councilman and his task force  until we quell this insurgency."
Korra says: "What is that weasel snake Tarrlok up to now?"
Tenzin says: "Tarrlok, I don't know what you did to get Chief Saikhan in your pocket but I highly doubt it was legal."
Tarrlok says: "Oh, Tenzin.  Always the conspiracy theorist. Did you ever consider Saikhan simply recognizes my talents and wants what is best for this city?  Well, Avatar Korra. Long time, no see. Now that your little pro-bending distractions are over, I look forward to your return to my task force."
Korra says: "Ha!  Forget it! There's no way I'm rejoining your vanity project."
Tarrlok says: "That is unfortunate to hear, but I'm sure you'll come to your senses as you have in the past."
Korra says: "Don't hold your breath, bub.  You know, Tenzin's been right about you all along.  You played me,  you played Beifong,  and now you're playing the new Chief too.  Well, I got news for you.  You need me,  but I don't need you. I'm the Avatar."
Tarrlok says: "You're not, in fact, the Avatar.  You are merely a half-baked Avatar in training, which reminds me, how is your airbending going?  Made any significant progress with that?  I didn't think so.  If you will not be part of my task force, then you had best stay out of my way."
Korra says: "I don't understand what's wrong with me. I've memorized nearly all of the practice forms, but I still can't produce a single measly puff of air!  I'm a failure."
Tenzin says: "No you're not. You just need to work through this airbending block."
Korra says: "Amazing advice. I'll get right on that."
Tenzin says: "I wasn't finished yet. You see, Aang not only had his bending teachers, but also his past lives to call upon for guidance. Have you ever made contact with your past lives?"
Korra says: "No, of course I haven't. Didn't you get the memo from the White Lotus? I'm a spiritual failure, too."
Tenzin says: "You may have made a connection without realizing it.  Perhaps something you mistook as a dream?"
Korra says: "Maybe. I had a few weird hallucinations,  but I hardly even remember them."
Tenzin says: "And did you see any previous Avatars in these visions?"
Korra says: "I saw Aang. It seemed like he was in trouble. What do you think it means?"
Tenzin says: "Hmm, I don't know.  But I urge you to meditate on these visions.  I believe Aang's spirit must be trying to tell you something."
