Bolin says: "He's not home. Or he's hiding in there.  Or he's invisible.  Probably just not home."
Mako says: "We have to get in there and find some evidence that links Aiwei to Zaheer, otherwise Su won't believe us."
Asami says: "It's just an empty book."
Bolin says: "Hmm, it's like a desert on a jar."
Mako says: "Bolin, put that back! We don't want Aiwei to know we were in here if we can't find anything.  You forgot where it goes, didn't you?  These look like scuff marks. I think this bookshelf slides open."
Korra says: "What do you think is down there?"
Bolin says: "Could be a storage cellar."
Mako says: "Or it could be how Zaheer got in and out."
Asami says: "Aiwei's coming back! Quick."
Aiwei says: "What are doing in my house? You are trespassing on the property of one of the highest-ranked officials in the city. You'd better have a good explanation."
Bolin says: "We do. We do. We actually knocked on your front door and we thought we heard you say,  'Come in, I'm in the bathroom!'  I don't even know why I'm saying that. You know I'm lying, and you don't even sound like that."
Korra says: "We came here because things weren't adding up, and we thought you might have some answers."
Aiwei says: "Sit. If you want to talk, let's talk over some tea.  Now, what is not adding up exactly? Hong Li was clearly lying and we found evidence in his apartment."
Mako says: "But don't you think it's weird how young he is? How did he ever get mixed up with this group?"
Aiwei says: "Perhaps through a relative, or maybe he was bribed. We will find out those answers in time. But if wasn't him, who do you think it was?"
Asami says: "We don't know."
Aiwei says: "You don't think I had something to do with this, do you?"
Korra says: "We're just looking for answers."
Aiwei says: "And you think you've found something, don't you?  You have no idea what is coming for you, Avatar."
Mako says: "Come on, he's getting away!"
Korra says: "I'm still a little new at this, so back off!  Ugh!"
Mako says: "He's gone."
Korra says: "Look, he must've escaped through there! Help me clear it out."
Lin says: "What happened? We heard an explosion."
Suyin says: "Where's Aiwei?"
Korra says: "Your trusted adviser is the one who betrayed us. He was lying about the guard."
Suyin says: "What? No!"
Korra says: "We confronted him and he bolted through here."
Lin says: "He must have collapsed the tunnel behind him."
Mako says: "And he rigged an explosion to destroy any evidence that might have been here."
Korra says: "This is where Zaheer got in and out. Aiwei was the traitor."
Suyin says: "I ... trusted him."
Kuvira says: "Is everyone okay?"
Lin says: "Aiwei is a fugitive. Get all available guards to search the mountainside, and find out where this tunnel exits immediately!"
Lin says: "What did you find?"
Kuvira says: "We located the end of the tunnel, but there's no sign of him. Just some fresh tire tracks."
Mako says: "He had an escape plan all ready to go."
Suyin says: "I trusted him with my life. I thought we were family, but it was all a lie."
Mako says: "Whoever these guys are, they're more powerful than we thought, and more dangerous."
Korra says: "That's why we have to find them. We're going to hold off our search for airbenders and hunt down Aiwei. Naga can track his scent."
Asami says: "And I bet if we find Aiwei, we'll find Zaheer."
Lin says: "No! We're not hunting this group. There could be other secret agents in other parts of the world looking for you right now! I'm taking you back to Republic City, where I can protect you."
Korra says: "If I wasn't safe here, then I'm not safe anywhere. I have to stop them!"
Lin says: "It's too dangerous! You are not going!"
Korra says: "Stop trying to protect me! I'm the Avatar. This is my job!"
Lin says: "Don't lecture me about jobs!"
Suyin says: "Enough! Korra, listen to Lin."
Korra says: "But ... they ..."
Suyin says: "Please. Lin's only looking out for you. I promise you, Aiwei and everyone he's working with will be brought to justice."
Korra says: "Fine, if you really think it's best."
Suyin says: "I do."
Lin says: "Thank you, Su."
Suyin says: "Everyone should get some rest tonight. I'll have my people prep your airship and you can leave first thing in the morning."
