Unalaq says: "Give in. Your time is over!"
Raava says: "Korra, this fight is not over."
Korra says: "Raava."
Raava says: "Vaatu cannot win. Do not give in to ten thousand years of darkness. You are the Avatar."
Korra says: "You cannot win."
Tenzin says: "Jinora! Jinora!"
Bumi says: "Wait a second."
Tenzin says: "What, do you hear something?"
Bumi says: "Yes. They're all around us. The cannibals, they're everywhere."
Tenzin says: "Bumi, you must focus your mind. Right now! There are no cannibals."
Bumi says: "Yes, there are! They're gonna eat every last one of us!"
Kya says: "Who are you two?"
Tenzin says: "Kya, we're your brothers. You must remember, before the fog infects you."
Kya says: "No, you're just a vision. I have no family. You can't tie me down."
Bumi says: "They're closing in! I gotta get out of here!"
Tenzin says: "No! Bumi! Kya! Come back!"
Mako says: "Please, let us out."
Desna says: "His grovelling is pathetic."
Eska says: "But I do enjoy the sweet scent of desperation."
Mako says: "Come on, your dad has become an evil monster. He's gonna bring on eternal darkness. Why would you protect someone who doesn't care about you at all?"
Desna says: "Father was going to let me expire when we tried to open the northern portal. Perhaps we should rethink our position."
Mako says: "Yes!"
Eska says: "No. Don't listen to him. His words are poisoning your mind.  What's with this outburst of emotion?"
Bolin says: "I'm sorry, I can't help it. It's just so sad that I'll never be with you again."
Eska says: "What? Explain yourself further."
Bolin says: "Eska, I've always loved you. And I always wanted to be with you. But now that the world is ending,  I'm never gonna get that chance."
Eska says: "We could have been together, but you left me at the altar."
Bolin says: "No, I was scared. I was scared of my true feelings for you. Gah, I should have never left you. I'm sorry. And I'm sorry that we'll never have the chance to rekindle the dying ember that was our love into a big fire of love flames."
Eska says: "You'll never defeat my father. But, should you survive, perhaps we could spend eternal darkness together."
Mako says: "Wow! That was the best acting I've ever seen. You completely fooled her."
Bolin says: "Yeah right, huh. That was acting."
Desna says: "They will certainly perish."
Tenzin says: "You must stay focused. Remember who you are Tenzin. You are the son of Avatar Aang. You are the hope for future generations of airbenders. The fate of the world rests on your shoulders. But what if I fail?  Then your father's hopes of the future dies with you. I can't fail. You will.  Ah, stop it! I am the son of Avatar Aang. I am the hope for future generations of airbenders. I am the son of Avatar Aang."
Aang's image says: "Hello, my son."
Tenzin says: "Dad,  I've failed you. I am no spiritual leader, and I've let the world down. I'll never be the man you were."
Aang's image says: "You are right.  You are trying to hold on to a false perception of yourself. You are not me and you should not be me. You are Tenzin."
Tenzin says: "I am not a reflection of my father. I am Tenzin.  I am Tenzin!"
Tenzin says: "Jinora!"
Bumi says: "Huh? What happened?"
Kya says: "I think our brother saved us."
Jinora says: "Dad."
Tenzin says: "You'll be okay sweetie. I'm here."
Jinora says: "What happened? The last thing I remembered was dark spirits taking me away."
Tenzin says: "You were trapped in the Fog of Lost Souls. And I wasn't going to let you stay there."
Jinora says: "I'm so happy to see you, Dad."
Mako and Bolin says: "Korra!"
Bolin says: "He's got the Light Spirit!"
Jinora says: "The world is in trouble."
Tenzin says: "What are you talking about? How do you know?"
Jinora says: "I can feel it."
Bumi says: "What happened?"
Jinora says: "It's Korra.  This light spirit will guide you out of the Spirit World. I have to go help."
Tenzin says: "Jinora, wait!"
Unavaatu says: "Now, ten thousand years of darkness begins!"
