Shiro Shinobi says: "Assuming the fabulous bending brothers can hold their ground until the next round."
Announcer says: "Round one goes to the  Golden Temple Tigerdillos!"
Mako says: "Come on, Hasook! Get your act together!"
Shiro Shinobi says: "The Fire Ferrets are knocked into zone two and the Tigerdillos advance!"
Shiro Shinobi says: "The Fire Ferrets cinch the round in the closing seconds! It's one apiece,  still anyone's match as we go into the third and final round!"
Shiro Shinobi says: "Hasook stumbles, and now he tumbles right into his teammate!  He and Bolin better untangle quick if they don't want to ...  oh, too late!"
Korra says: "Oh, no!"
Shiro Shinobi says: "It's all up to Mako now!  He's bobbing and weaving! He's weaving and bobbing!  But he's not hitting back!  If Mako's knocked out, the Ferrets' fabulous season is over!  He is dancing on the edge of the ring, surviving the three on one barrage! It seems his plan is to let the Tigerdillos punch themselves out!  And his plan is working! Han is in the pool!  They've got nothing left in the tank and Mako is on the offensive!  It's two on one!  Scratch that, it's one on one, and it's an earth and fire slllugfest! There's so much smoke and dust from the firefight, I can't even see where the Fire Ferret is!"
Shiro Shinobi says: "It's a knockout! What a wing-dinger of a hat trick, folks!  Mako pulls off the upset of the season, winning the match for the Fire Ferrets!"
Bolin says: "Woohoo! Yes!  One more win and we're in the championship tournament!  So, what'd ya think, Korra? Bolin's got some moves, huh?"
Korra says: "What did I think? What did I think? That was am​azing!"
Mako says: "You did more harm than good out there. You almost cost us the match!"
Hasook says: "We won, didn't we?"
Mako says: "Barely!"
Hasook says: "Get off my case, pal!  Ugh!"
Mako says: "Useless."
Korra says: "You guys were incredible out there!  Especially you, Mr. Hat Trick!"
Mako says: "Oh, you're still here?"
Korra says: "Oh, you're still a jerk?"
Bolin says: "Ooh!"
Korra says: "Anyway,  I've been immersed in bending my entire life, but I never learned how to move like that! It's like there's a whole new style here!  Think you could show me a few tricks?"
Bolin says: "Ab-so-lutely!"
Mako says: "Right now? Come on, Bolin."
Bolin says: "Just ignore him.  Yeah, I could show you the basics.  I'm just not sure how my earthbending would translate to your waterbending,  but we'll figure it out."
Korra says: "Won't be a problem.  I'm actually an earthbender."
Bolin says: "I'm sorry, no, no! I didn't mean to assume. 'Cause I, you know, I was just figuring ... with your Water Tribe getup ... that you are ... a Water Tribe ... gal."
Korra says: "Nope, you're right. I'm a waterbender. And a firebender."
Bolin says: "Mm. Mm-hmm. I'm very confused right now."
Mako says: "You're the Avatar,  and I'm an idiot."
Korra says: "Both are true."
Bolin says: "No ... way.  Th​e Avatar!"
