Tenzin says: "All right, who's next?"
Yung says: "I'm not sure I want to shave my head."
Tenzin says: "That's fine, shaving your head is a personal choice."
Daw says: "Wait, what?"
Tenzin says: "Anyone else?  Fine! Then we can get to our next training exercise: obstacle course."
Jinora says: "You're pushing too hard. Maybe we should give them a break."
Tenzin says: "Jinora, I have this under control"
Tenzin says: "Concentrate! Remember, airbenders move like the wind."
Tenzin says: "Stay light on your feet, and you'll never feel the stinging rash cactus."
Tenzin says: "Everyone is waiting for you, Bumi. If you don't make it over the next thirty seconds, they'll all have to run through the course again!"
Airbenders says: "You can do it, Bumi! Come on!"
Tenzin says: "Get back up the wall, recruit! You're letting your fellow airbenders down."
Bumi says: "I'm finished! I've never wanted to be an airbender and I'm too old to be back in boot camp.  Count me out!"
Tenzin says: "Fine, quit! We don't need your attitude in the new Air Nation."
Daw says: "Master Tenzin, when do we get to go home and visit our families?"
Tenzin says: "Go home? You just got here."
Female airbender says: "When's dinner? I'm starving."
Yung says: "Can I change out of my robe now? It's itchy."
Kai says: "This is just as bad as the Earth Queen's prison."
Tenzin says: "I'm tired of all this complaining! Jinora, take over!"
Jinora says: "Does this mean, I'm the master now?"
Tenzin says: "Yes, just lead them through some basic exercises."
Jinora says: "Well, since I'm a master, when do you think I can get my tattoos?"
Tenzin says: "What brought this on?"
Jinora says: "I was just talking to Kai, and he was asking me, so-"
Tenzin says: "Kai!  What does he know about when you should get tattoos? The answer is "no"! You're just a little girl."
Jinora says: "I'm not a little girl anymore. I can airbend just as well as you. I know everything about our culture and history, and I have a stronger connection with the spirits that you ever will.  Lead your own class!"
Tenzin says: "Ikki, Meelo, you're up. Just lead them through the Bagua circle."
Meelo says: "Look to your left! Look to your right! One of those people will not make it out of here alive."
