Korra says: "I'm so sorry to interrupt, but more airships are coming."
Ikki says: "Everything's not gonna be fine, is it, Daddy?"
Korra says: "What do you want to do, Tenzin?"
Tenzin says: "I need to protect my family, and get them as far away from this conflict as possible. If Amon got his hands on my children ... I hate to even think of it."
Lin says: "If you're leaving, then I'm going with you."
Tenzin says: "But-"
Lin says: "No arguments. You and your family are the last airbenders. There's no way in the world I'm letting Amon take your bending away."
Tenzin says: "Thank you, Lin. Korra, I want you to leave this island and hide for the time being."
Korra says: "I'm not giving up."
Tenzin says: "I'm not asking you to. I sent word to the United Forces. They will be here soon. And once my family is safe, I will return. With the reinforcements, we can turn the tide in this war."
Korra says: "What you're saying is, we need to be patient."
Tenzin says: "You're learning well.  Stay safe, Korra."
Korra says: "You too."
Lin says: "Tenzin, if we're leaving, we'd better do it now."
Tenzin says: "Oogi, yip yip!"
White Lotus sentry #1 says: "Go! We'll hold them off!"
Korra says: "Everyone, climb on!  Let's go, girl!"
Bolin says: "Mustache guy!"
Korra says: "Nice one, Naga!"
Lin says: "They're gaining on us!"
Tenzin says: "Faster, Oogi!"
Lin says: "Whatever happens to me, don't turn back!"
Tenzin says: "Lin, what are you doing?!"
Meelo says: "That lady is my hero."
Tenzin says: "Yes, she is."
Mako says: "Korra, we should get moving."
Amon says: "Tell me where the Avatar is and I'll let you keep your bending."
Lin says: "I won't tell you anything, you monster."
Amon says: "Very well."
Messenger says: "General, I just received a wire from the Avatar. She says Amon and his forces have gained control of the city. How do you want to respond?"
Iroh says: "Tell her we will be arriving in three days' time. And that I look forward to winning back Republic City, together."
Messenger says: "As you wish, General Iroh."
Main Asami Sato Bolin Korra Lin Beifong Mako Naga Tenzin Antagonists Amon Equalists Hiroshi Sato Lieutenant says: "Minor Air Acolytes Air Acolyte woman Council page Fire Nation councilwoman Ikki Iroh Jinora Meelo Oogi Pema Rohan Pabu Saikhan White Lotus sentries"
Shiro Shinobi says: "Zaheer infiltrated Zaofu and attempted to kidnap the Avatar. After a harrowing battle, she was saved and discovered a shocking truth: Aiwei, Su's trusted adviser, has been working with Zaheer. This truth seer turned traitor managed to escape but Su tasks Team Avatar of tracking him down. Now the hunted becomes the hunter as Korra searches for answers."
