Amon says: "I received your invitation, young Avatar."
Amon says: "Our showdown, while inevitable, is premature. Although it would be the simplest thing for me to take away your bending right now, I won't. You'd only become a martyr.  Benders of every nation would rally behind your untimely demise,  but I assure you, I have a plan. And I'm saving you for last, then you'll get your duel, and I will destroy you."
Korra says: "Aang?"
Tenzin says: "Korra!  Korra, are you all right? What happened? Was Amon here?"
Korra says: "Yeah, he ambushed me."
Tenzin says: "Did he ... did he take your bending away?"
Korra says: "No, I'm okay."
Tenzin says: "Ah, thank goodness."
Korra says: "I was so terrified, I felt so helpless."
Tenzin says: "It's all right, the nightmare is over."
Korra says: "You ... you were right ... I've been scared this whole time.  I've never felt like this before and ... and Tenzin, I don't know what to do!"
Tenzin says: "Admitting your fears is the first and most difficult step in overcoming them."
Main Asami Sato Bolin Korra Mako Tarrlok Tenzin Antagonists Amon Equalists says: "Minor Aang (flashback only) Council page Fire Nation councilwoman Hiroshi Sato Ikki Jinora Lin Beifong Meelo Naga Pabu Pema Republic City reporters Sokka (flashback only) Toph (flashback only) United Republic Council Yakone (flashback only)"
Shiro Shinobi says: "The Southern Water Tribe is under siege! When Avatar Korra was attacked by a dark spirit, Chief Unalaq was the only one able to stop it. So, Korra turned her back on Tenzin and chose Unalaq as her new spiritual mentor. Tenzin and his family left for a vacation at the Southern Air Temple, while Korra remained in the Water Tribe. Will she be able to restore balance between humans and spirits?"
Unalaq says: "You're early."
Korra says: "What can I say? I'm pumped up to learn that Unalaq spirit fighting."
Unalaq says: "I'm not here to teach you to fight spirits, I'm here to help you begin your spiritual training. We're going to one of the most remote places in the world, the long neglected spiritual center of your tribe, the South Pole."
Korra says: "You're going to train me at the South Pole?"
Unalaq says: "We will do more than just train. By neglecting the spirits, the people of the South have brought darkness upon themselves, and now it threatens to destroy our tribe. We must set things right. The Southern Water Tribe depends on you."
Korra says: "A dangerous trip to the South Pole? Count me in!"
