Hiroshi says: "You came back."
Asami says: "When I first came here, it was because I wanted to tell you face to face that I never wanted to see or hear from you again. I wanted my words to hurt you so that you would know how you hurt me."
Hiroshi says: "I'm sorry."
Asami says: "But when I saw you, it wasn't anger I felt. It was sadness. You tainted our past and destroyed our future together."
Hiroshi says: "I want to make amends."
Asami says: "I'm not sure I'll ever be able to forgive you. But that doesn't mean I shouldn't try."
Asami says: "I thought we could play some Pai Sho. Like we used to."
Hiroshi says: "Nothing ... would make me happier."
Bolin says: "Don't ... torture us."
Kuvira says: "Send these three away on the next train. Bolin and Zhu Li will be going to the reeducation camp for our most severe dissenters.  And you will continue work on the spirit-energy project, under close, armed supervision. I want it weaponized immediately."
Zhu Li says: "Please! Have mercy on me! Don't send me away! Take me back!"
Kuvira says: "Why would I?"
Zhu Li says: "Because my only mistake was being loyal to the wrong person. I was blindly devoted to Varrick, and I looked past all the times he ridiculed me, or ordered me around, or made me clean his disgusting feet--  --because I thought he possessed the most brilliant mind in the world. But when I met you, I realized I was wrong. Compared to you, Varrick's a fool."
Varrick says: "Hey, come on! I'm right here!"
Zhu Li says: "I believe in everything you've done, and I believe in your vision. I want to devote my life to you. I pledge my allegiance to you, Great Uniter."
Kuvira says: "You two could learn something from her. Rise, Zhu Li. I'll give you another chance."
Varrick says: "Think about what you're doing! We're partners! We have history!"
Zhu Li says: "I did everything you ever asked of me, and you never appreciated it!  Guards, do the thing!"
Varrick says: "No! Not the thing! Zhu Li!"
Korra says: "Where's Su? I have to talk to her."
Baatar says: "She's not here. She took Wing and Wei. They're going to sneak into Kuvira's camp and put an end to this."
Korra says: "No!"
Main Bolin Korra Suyin Beifong Varrick Zhu Li Antagonists Baatar Jr. Kuvira Military of the Earth Empire says: "Minor Asami Sato Baatar Hiroshi Sato Huan Ikki Jinora Meelo Opal Beifong Pepper Raiko (flashback only) Tenzin (flashback only) Wei and Wing"
Shiro Shinobi says: "The Red Lotus has captured the Avatar. Korra gave herself up in exchange for the airbenders, but Zaheer double crossed her, while Ghazan trapped Team Avatar at the temple. All seems lost until Bolin saved their lives by lavabending. But he's not the only one with new skills. Zaheer unlocked the ancient airbending ability of flight. Will Team Avatar save the Air Nation and Korra before it's too late?"
