Tahno says: "Ooh, oof. You boys smell something in here? Wait, I know what that is; yeah, that's the scent of losers."
Korra says: "I hope we see you in the finals. Then we'll know who the losers really are."
Tahno says: "Yeah, I'm peeing my pants over here."
Ring announcer says: "And now, the defending champs, the White Falls Wolfbats!"
Asami says: "Great job!  What a comeback, Korra. I've never seen a hat trick like that."
Korra says: "Thanks!  But, if it hadn't been for you and your father, we wouldn't have had the chance to play. So thank you."
Bolin says: "Uh, if everyone's done with the little "thank you" party, need some medical attention over here."
Korra says: "Ooh, let me help!"
Bolin says: "Owww! Gah! Haven't you hurt me enough, woman?"
Korra says: "Relax, I'm a healer!  I learned from Katara, the best there is."
Bolin says: "No, no, oh- ooh! That's the stuff!"
Korra says: "Bolin, I'm sorry I hurt your feelings. I didn't mean to let things get so out of hand."
Bolin says: "Ahh, I'll be all right. But we had fun together, didn't we?"
Korra says: "I had a great time, honestly! You are one of a kind, Bolin."
Bolin says: "Please, go on. I enjoy praise."
Ring announcer says: "Your winners, the Wolfbats!"
Korra says: "What? How is it over already?"
Shiro Shinobi says: "With a brutal round one knockout, the defending champs secure their spot in the finals.  I hope the Ferrets know a good doctor, 'cause they're gonna need one!"
Main Asami Sato Bolin Korra Mako Antagonists White Falls Wolfbats Ming Shaozu Tahno says: "Minor Ikki Jinora Mo Ce Mongoose Lizards Naga Narook Pabu Pema Pro-bending referee (semi-finals) Ring announcer Shiro Shinobi White Falls Wolfbats fangirls"
Shiro Shinobi says: "Amon's revolution grows stronger by the day. First, he attacked the bending arena! Then it was discovered that Hiroshi Sato was the mastermind behind the Equalist gloves and mecha tanks! And most recently, Amon ambushed Councilman Tarrlok, took his bending, and nearly captured the Avatar as well! Everyone is on edge, wondering where will Amon strike next?"
Jinora says: "Daddy, you're home. We waited up for you. Is Korra okay?"
Tenzin says: "Yes, she's fine, sweetie."
Ikki says: "I was scared. I thought she wasn't coming back."
Tenzin says: "I'm sorry you were scared, but everything is going to be fine now. I promise."
Korra says: "Mmm. Mmm. The food tastes amazing, Pema. I'm finally starting to feel like myself again."
Pema says: "We're so thankful you're home safe."
Asami says: "Let me help."
Tenzin says: "Korra, I realize you've been through a lot, but I need to know everything that happened."
Korra says: "Well, first off, Tarrlok isn't who he says he is. He's Yakone's son."
Lin says: "It all makes sense now. That's how Tarrlok was able to bloodbend us without a full moon."
Tenzin says: "But how did you escape? And where's Tarrlok?"
Korra says: "Amon captured him,  and took his bending."
Tenzin says: "What?"
Korra says: "Yeah, he showed up out of nowhere. He almost got me, too."
Tenzin says: "This is very disturbing news. Amon is becoming emboldened. Taking out a councilman, almost capturing the Avatar ... I fear Amon is entering his endgame."
Asami says: "Pema, are you all right?"
Pema says: "The baby is ... just kicking, really hard, is all. I'm fine."
Asami says: "Should I get Tenzin?"
Pema says: "No reason to worry him, it's nothing."
Mako says: "Can I get some hot water? Korra needs more tea."
Asami says: "You're a firebender. Boil it yourself."
Pema says: "I'm- gonna step out in case you two want to talk."
Mako says: "Is there something we need to talk about?"
Asami says: "I've noticed how you treat Korra. How you acted when she was missing.  You have feelings for her, don't you?"
Mako says: "What? No! She was taken by a crazy bloodbender! How did you expect me to act?"
Asami says: "I like Korra.  But you've been keeping the truth from me this whole time."
Mako says: "The truth? About what?"
Asami says: "You're really going to make me say it?"
Mako says: "Yes! Because I don't know what you're talking about!"
Asami says: "The kiss, Mako.  I know."
Mako says: "I- Well I-  Bolin told you, didn't he?!"
Asami says: "Don't blame your brother for what you did. Do you have feelings for Korra or not?"
Mako says: "Look, things are crazy right now. Can we deal with our relationship problems later?"
Asami says: "Well there might not be any relationship to worry about later."
Mako says: "Asami!"
