Tenzin says: "You're right, Korra."
Korra says: "I am?"
Asami says: "She is?"
Tenzin says: "It's true, there will always be new conflicts and enemies to face. But the important thing is to learn from your enemies and better yourself over time, which you have.  You've changed so much since you first arrived on Air Temple Island. When you first came here, you were hot-headed and a bit selfish.  But you've matured into a thoughtful young woman who puts the needs of others before herself.  The new Air Nation is a testament to that. You sacrificed everything to save them. You're an inspiration to the world."
Korra says: "Thank you both. I know this Kuvira problem is only going to get worse. But no matter what happens, no matter how crazy things get, I'll always try to restore balance."
Baraz says: "And that's when I made a solemn vow never to eat bark-onion soup again.  Been six years, four months and fourteen days ...  Urgh!  I can still taste it."
Bolin says: "Does anyone else feel like throwing themselves overboard?"
Varrick says: "Not me!  I've spent the last few hours tuning out all these incredibly boring stories ..."
Baraz says: "Hey!"
Varrick says: "All the while  mentally composing the most exciting tale  ever told, soon to become the greatest  mover  ever made!  I present to you now:  Bolin,  as Nuktuk, Hero of the South—  Trademark Varrimovers International—  in  the incredible true story of Bolin! Hero of the world!"
Bolin says: "Wait, am I playing Nuktuk, or is Nuktuk playing me?"
Varrick says: "Both. It's your true story, but we'll capitalize on the  audience of the Nuktuk franchise.  Duh!"
Bolin says: "How can you call me "the hero of the world"?  I left my friends and family to join up with a psychotic dictator who imprisoned me and now,  I'm running back home with my tail between my legs."
Varrick says: "Nyahbabababab! You're emphasizing the wrong story beads. Let me tell it. The story of Bolin begins in an exotic port of call.  A wise sage, the richest merchant in the world, and a handsome devil all  sit on a single pillow in the living room of a luxury yacht! How do they all fit on one pillow?"
Bolin says: "Ooh! Giant pillow!"
Varrick says: "Wrong! They're all the same man! Me!  I try to teach a swami the power of levitation, but he's too stupid  to understand it, so I kick him out.  "Upon whom can I bestow my awesome knowledge?" I ask myself. Then, in walks Nuktuk, with a twinkle in his eye, a gorgeous dame on his arm, and a song on his lips. He bursts into a rapturous melody!  "Where can I find my teacher?""
Bolin says: "Oh, come on! I wasn't singing, you were not levitating, and Asami is just a friend, thank you very much.  If you want to tell my true story, you should start from when I met Korra. She came to the bending arena, one fateful night ..."
Korra says: "This place is even more amazing than I imagined!"
Bolin says: "Name's Bolin, by the way."
Korra says: "Korra."
Baraz says: "Bo-ring!  When does the singing start?"
Bolin says: "There wasn't any singing!"
Varrick says: "You're on-screen talent, kid. Leave the storytelling to the masters.  So, the trouble begins when the Avatar is trapped in the Spirit World. The world's most evil villains realize that with Korra out of the way, the time is right to try to take out Bolin.  So, the worst of the worst team up. They're led by ... Zaheer, leader of the Red Lotus and master of the skies, a flying chaotic chaos machine!  He's joined by ... Vaatu, the ultimate force of pure spirit evil in the universe. The biggest, meanest, scariest kite that ever flew!"
Bolin says: "Wait! Zaheer didn't team up with Vaatu. How would that even happen?"
Varrick says: "How do you think?"
