Varrick says: "I can't believe Kuvira locked me in here like a prisoner! I'm not feeling well! I think I'm running out of air! Zhu Li, hold your breath!"
Zhu Li says: "I'm not holding my breath."
Varrick says: "Great! Now we're both gonna die!"
Bolin says: "Varrick? Varrick?!"
Varrick says: "Ahh! And the head voices are back!"
Varrick says: "Bolin! Thank goodness you're here! Where did that hatch come from? Forget the hatch! There's something important I gotta tell ya!"
Bolin says: "Well, there's something important I gotta tell you, too!"
Varrick and Bolin says: "Kuvira's crazy!"
Bolin says: "How'd you find out?"
Varrick says: "When I refused to build her a superweapon, she threatened my life!"
Bolin says: "She threatened me, too! And she's threatening Zaofu and it turns out, she's been threatening villages this whole time!  We gotta get outta here."
Varrick says: "I couldn't agree more, kid."
Baatar Jr. says: "We have an unexpected guest. The Avatar is here to see you."
Kuvira says: "Korra, it's such an honor to see you again. The last I heard, you were still healing in the South Pole."
Korra says: "Well, I'm feeling much better now."
Kuvira says: "That's wonderful news."
Korra says: "I'm here to ask you to back down. Please. Take your army and leave."
Kuvira says: "I think we both know that's not going to happen."
Korra says: "I can't let you take Zaofu."
Kuvira says: "Look, I was tasked with bringing stability to the Earth Kingdom. Zaofu is the last holdout. Why should I treat it differently than any other state?"
Korra says: "What you're doing isn't right!"
Kuvira says: "I understand you're just trying to do Su a favor, but you can't come to me as I am on the verge of reuniting my nation and tell me to stop. The world was descending into chaos while you were gone.  In order to fix it, I had to make some tough decisions."
Korra says: "I know what that's like. I've had plenty of people mad at me about decisions I've made."
Kuvira says: "Exactly. Korra, if you really want to help, go back to Su and try to talk some sense into her. Let's call a temporary truce. I won't make any moves until you talk to her and get back to me."
Korra says: "Maybe that will be for the best."
