Korra says: "Hello, Mr. President.  Sir, the Southern Water Tribe-"
Raiko says: "Just a second. Keep smiling."
Raiko says: "Now, how can I help the Avatar and my most generous supporter?"
Korra says: "Unalaq's troops have invaded the South. We need you to send the United Forces to help."
Raiko says: "I'm very concerned by what's happening down there. But I don't think it's the Republic's place to interfere with internal Water Tribe matters."
Korra says: "Unalaq isn't even the rightful ruler of the Water Tribe. He lied his way onto the Northern throne."
Varrick says: "Mr. President, the Republic is already involved in this conflict. The North attacked our cultural center last night."
Raiko says: "Believe me, we are doing everything we can to bring the people responsible to justice."
Korra says: ""The people responsible"? Who else would it be but the Northerners?"
Raiko says: "Now, I know that when you're young, it's hard to keep perspective-"
Korra says: "You're the one who's lost perspective. I'm trying to save my tribe, and you're taking pictures."
Raiko says: "Sending troops is not something I can do at this time. But I promise I will work with Unalaq and the South for a diplomatic solution. Now, I'm sorry, but my mind is made up. This meeting is over."
Korra says: "My family is going to be wiped out, and it'll be on your head for doing nothing about it."
Korra says: "I can't believe the President is doing nothing! H-He doesn't even care!"
Mako says: "I'm sure he cares, but he can't just tell his people to go fight a battle at the South Pole that has nothing to do with them."
Korra says: "How could you take his side?"
Mako says: "What's with you and sides? Why do you always think I'm working against you?"
Korra says: "Well, you're not helping me! I'm trying to get troops to the South. What are you doing?"
Mako says: "I'm doing my job."
Korra says: "Well, excuse me, officer. Don't let me stand in the way of you writing tickets. I'm just trying to save the world."
Mako says: "Well, you wouldn't have to if you didn't keep messing it up!"
Korra says: "I can't talk to you when you're like this."
Mako says: "You're the one who's like this!"
