Tarrlok says: "Republic City stands as a beacon of freedom, but the Equalists are using that freedom to tear it down.  The law I have proposed would make it illegal for anyone to be a member of the Equalists or even be associated with them. It also puts into effect a curfew, ensuring all nonbenders are in their own homes by nightfall."
Tenzin says: "This is going too far, Tarrlok!  You can't punish all nonbenders for the actions of a few!"
Tarrlok says: "That kind of cowardice will cause our city to fall into Amon's hands. We must pass this law. All in favor?"
Police dispatcher says: "All available units, please respond to the fifty six hundred block of Dragon Flats borough. Equalists have taken to the streets, consider them armed and dangerous. Proceed with caution."
Bolin says: "I call front!"
Mako says: "After you."
Korra says: "What a gentleman,  thanks!"
Korra says: "Why is the power out?"
Asami says: "Wait a second, these people aren't armed or dangerous."
Korra says: "Sure doesn't look that way."
Saikhan says: "All nonbenders, return to your homes immediately."
Male #1 says: "Yeah, as soon as you turn our power back on."
Saikhan says: "Disperse, or you will all be arrested."
Female #1 says: "You benders can't treat us this way!"
Child #1 says: "Mummy, look! It's the Avatar!"
Female #1 says: "Please, help us! You're our Avatar, too!"
Korra says: "Everyone, please stay calm. I'm gonna put a stop to this.  Tarrlok, you need to turn the power back on and leave these people alone."
Tarrlok says: "Avatar Korra, you and your playmates have no business here."
Korra says: "We're not going anywhere. You don't have the right to treat these innocent people like criminals."
Tarrlok says: "This is an Equalist rally.  There is nothing innocent about it."
Asami says: "They're not Equalists, they're just normal people who want their rights back."
Tarrlok says: "They are the enemy!  Round up all these Equalists!"
Korra says: "Stop!"
Asami says: "Hey! Let me go!"
Tarrlok says: "You're under arrest!"
Mako says: "What?  You can't do that!"
Tarrlok says: "Actually, I can. She's a nonbender out past curfew  and her father is a known Equalist conspirator."
Mako says: "Let her go!"
Tarrlok says: "Arrest him and his brother!"
Korra says: "Tarrlok!"
Tarrlok says: "Unless you want to join your friends in prison, I suggest you put those down and go back to the Air Temple."
Mako says: "Korra, listen to him. It's not worth it."
Bolin says: "We'll be all right."
Korra says: "Don't worry, I'll call Tenzin. He can get you out."
Tarrlok says: "So sad to see your little Team Avatar broken up. You had a good run."
Korra says: "This isn't over, Tarrlok."
Tarrlok says: "Oh, I believe it is.  Take them away."
