Wan says: "What's this harmonic thing Vaatu was talking about?"
Raava says: "Harmonic Convergence. That is when Vaatu and I must battle for the fate of the world."
Wan says: "How long do we have until then?"
Raava says: "About a year in your time."
Wan says: "Then we better start training.  All right, I'm ready to try air. How's this gonna work?"
Raava says: "The only way for me to give you the other element is to pass through your body and combine our energies."
Wan says: "Great. So you've done this before."
Raava says: "No. This has never even been attempted. It is very dangerous."
Wan says: "That's what they said about living in the Spirit Wilds, and I survived that. I'm ready. Give me the air.  It feels completely different. If you and Vaatu have the same fight every ten thousand years, why hasn't one of you destroyed the other?"
Raava says: "He cannot destroy light any more than I can destroy darkness. One cannot exist without the other. Even if I defeat Vaatu in this encounter, darkness will grow inside me until he emerges again. The same will hold true if Vaatu defeats me."
Wan says: "That doesn't sound so bad. Even if Vaatu wins, you'll come back."
Raava says: "Yes, but you will probably not survive to see it. Vaatu will destroy the world as you know it. Darkness will cover the Earth for ten thousand years."
Wan says: "If I'm gonna help you battle Vaatu, then I should visit more lion turtles.  Why is there so much conflict between humans and spirits in the first place?"
Raava says: "This physical world is where humans come from. Spirits come from another realm. At the north and south poles, the two realms intersect. Over time, more and more spirits have drifted into this world.  Humans have been forced apart, settling on the lion turtles who protect them and losing touch with each other."
Wan says: "Most people think they live in the only human city in the world."
Raava says: "Most humans think only of themselves,  no matter how many others are around."
Wan says: "When you pass through me, I feel an incredible rush of power.  I feel like I'm changing. The more we practice, the stronger I become.  Smells like smoke."
Raava says: "Humans are nearby."
Wan says: "Let's check it out."
Settler says: "A spirit!"
Wan says: "Easy there, fellas. We're friendly."
Jaya says: "I can't believe it. Wan?"
Wan says: "Jaya!  What are you doing out here?"
Jaya says: "You inspired us. Once we heard that you survived out in the wilds, we decided to try it too."
Wan says: "Where's Yao?  Did he come with you?"
Jaya says: "Yes, but sadly he didn't make it.  We ... we lost a lot of good men along the way.  So why were you protecting this spirit?"
Wan says: "This is Raava. Don't worry. She's not like the dark spirits you've probably run into."
Jaya says: "Dark spirits? What's the difference? We throw fire at any spirit we see around here. Just like they attack any man."
Raava says: "You have no idea what you're doing. You're only making things worse."
Settler says: "The spirits are coming back!"
Jaya says: "Let's wipe 'em out this time!  We'll burn down this whole forest if we have to!"
Wan says: "What happened to you? When did you become so violent?"
Jaya says: "You showed me we could change the world if we just stopped being so afraid. Now we're doing it."
Wan says: "This isn't what I had in mind."
