Varrick says: "Oh ... she really is gone."
Baatar Jr. says: "Up and at 'em, Varrick! Time to go to work.  We have another lab set up for you.  Kuvira wants the spirit vine weapon operational as soon as possible."
Varrick says: "Zhu Li always greeted me in the morning with a  a hot cup of tea."
Baatar Jr. says: "You'll get your tea when you start working."
Varrick says: "Well, I'm really only productive for about fifteen minutes a day, usually in the afternoon around three-forty-five."
Baatar Jr. says: "You'll work now. I want you to show me how the device works."
Bolin says: "What's goin' on?"
Baatar Jr. says: "Go back to sleep. We only need Varrick. You'll need your energy when you get to the re-education camp."
Varrick says: "I can't be expected to work without an assistant! Without Zhu Li, I'm helpless!"
Baatar Jr. says: "One of the guards will be your assistant. I'll be supervising."
Varrick says: "Well, I guess he'll be fine. As long as he doesn't need his hands afterwards!"
Guard #1 says: "What's he talking about, sir?"
Varrick says: "The last time we worked with the spirit vines, it created an uncontrollable blast  that burned through a wall and could still be blowing up comets in space, as far as I know! I wouldn't want to assist me if I were you!"
Guard #1 says: "Maybe we should just let the kid help him out."
Baatar Jr. says: "Fine. Bolin can assist."
Bolin says: "Wait, what? I need my hands!  Uh, hold on! Can we have breakfast first?  While we still have hands?"
Opal says: "Release them now!"
Kuvira says: "If Su agrees to bow to me and turn over Zaofu, she and the rest of your family will not be harmed."
Suyin says: "Never! I'll never bow to you!"
Korra says: "There must be some way for us to resolve this!"
Kuvira says: "I've already laid out my terms, and I think they're very reasonable. After all, Su did try to take me out during our peaceful negotiations."
Wei says: "You call bringing an army to threaten our city "peaceful"?"
Opal says: "Where's Bolin? I know he would never go along with this!"
Kuvira says: "Bolin is with my fiancé, working on something very important.  But, I assure you, he's on board with my plans. You two have been apart for some time. I guess you don't realize how much Bolin has grown up.  Now turn over Zaofu."
Korra says: "I can't just let you take the city!"
Kuvira says: "Avatar Korra, you are interfering with internal Earth Empire business, and letting your personal feelings get in the way of reason. Zaofu cannot continue to rule itself. They have been hoarding their riches and technology too long. I'm here to distribute those resources fairly throughout the nation. This is about equality."
Opal says: "You don't care about equality! This is about control!  Just take her down! You know it's the right thing to do! You have to stop this!"
Kuvira says: "The only way you're going to keep me from marching into Zaofu is if you physically stop me. Now what are you going to do?"
Korra says: "It looks like you're not giving me a choice."
Kuvira says: "Fine.  I want you all to know that I would never ask any of you to do something that I'm not willing to do myself.  So, rather than risk your lives, I will fight the Avatar one-on-one.  Korra, if you win, then you can do whatever you want with Zaofu.  But after I beat you, I want you out of my business for good. I'm the one who brought peace to the Earth Empire, not you. You're not relevant here anymore."
Korra says: "Fine.  You wanna fight the Avatar? Then let's finish this, right here, right now."
Jinora says: "Are you really ready to fight her?"
Korra says: "Just stay back and let me handle this.  It's been a while,  but I got a lot of pent-up rage."
Opal says: "Don't mess around!  Kuvira is too good! Just go into the Avatar State and get it over with!"
Korra says: "No, I'm only going to use that as a last resort."
Jinora says: "Be careful."
Kuvira says: "Use whatever you want: all the elements; the Avatar State; anything you need.  I know you're a little rusty."
Korra says: "Enough talk!"
Kuvira says: "Looks like the Avatar's a little off her game!"
Opal says: "Don't let her get you frustrated! She wants you to make a mistake!"
Varrick says: "Bolin, do the thing."
Bolin says: "What thing?"
Varrick says: "The thing! I never had to tell Zhu Li what thing!"
Bolin says: "I'm not Zhu Li, okay? Pretend I don't know anything about anything that's happening here, also pretend I don't want to build a super weapon or get my hands blown off!"
Baatar Jr. says: "Walk me through what you're doing. I want to know every detail of your work."
Varrick says: "You know, when I started working with the vines,  the point was to find a clean, unlimited source of energy, not develop some spirity death ray."
Bolin says: "Clean energy! Sounds great! Who doesn't like that stuff? Let's do that instead!"
Baatar Jr. says: "Quiet! You're here to help, not talk.  And you of all people, should realize that once a discovery is made, it is our responsibility as scientists  to pursue it as far as we can.  Wherever it leads."
Varrick says: "How would you know? You couldn't discover a wolfbat if it was building a nest in your butt."
Baatar Jr. says: "You're pathetic.  Wolfbats don't build nests."
Varrick says: "Ooh. You got me there, Dr. Science. You'll never know how it feels to give birth to genius, only to have it kidnapped, and raised by fools!"
Baatar Jr. says: "Are you done with your rambling, or do the guards need to encourage you to continue your work?"
Varrick says: "Okay, okay,  The last time we ran the current through the vine  we couldn't control the power, so I'm trying something new to see if I can direct it."
Kuvira says: "Come on, Avatar, get up! Show me what you've got!"
Opal says: "We have to help her!"
Korra says: "No! Stay back! I can handle this."
Baatar Jr. says: "So I see how the current interacts with the vine, and here is a kind of directional tube, but that is baffling here at the base. It looks like that would only redirect the energy back where it came from. And what's that piece of equipment you're fiddling with now on the power source?"
Varrick says: "Hand me the ... screw-turn-thingy, would ya?"
Bolin says: "Ugh, I can't believe you're helping them, you know this isn't right."
Varrick says: "Funny story, Bolin. I first got the idea for harnessing spirit power when I watched that giant Unalaq-monster attack the city from my jail cell. That giant monster set me free!  Trust me, kid, I know what I'm doing.  That ought to do it.  Huh.  Okay, stand back.  There we go!"
Baatar Jr. says: "What's that ticking?"
Varrick says: "That's the timer."
Baatar Jr. says: "The timer for what?"
Varrick says: "For the bomb, of course!"
Bolin says: "What?! What bomb?"
Varrick says: "The bomb that's gonna explode in five minutes and destroy this entire train, all of the spirit vines, and everything else within a few hundred yards."
Varrick says: "You know what, I'd get out of here if I were you. This is the first time I've built a timer and it might run a little fast. Bolin and I are ready to go down with the ship, or train, in this case, but you seem like you have a lot to live for."
Bolin says: "Nononono! I'm not ready to go down with the ship, or the train!"
Baatar Jr. says: "You're bluffing."
Varrick says: "Stick around five minutes and you'll find out who's bluffing.  You'll be sorry you left me, Zhu Li! When they write the history books, your name will be synonymous with betrayal! People will say, "Hey, what happened to that guy? Oh, didn't you hear? He 'Varricked' himself because some girl 'Zhu Li'd' him!""
Baatar Jr. says: "Enough! What makes you think we would let you blow yourself up? You're working for Kuvira! You don't get to quit.  Grab him."
Varrick says: "You try to pull me away from this thing and I'll hit this remote, and blow it immediately!"
Baatar Jr. says: "Why do you have a timer and a remote?"
Varrick says: "Well, first, I built the timer, but then I thought, you could drag me off the train, so then I built a remote, but then I thought, do I really need the timer, because now I got a remote in my--  Whatever! I'm covering all my bases! The point is, you're leaving, we're staying!"
