Korra says: "I can't believe this is all for me."
Tenzin says: "I'm not sure what Tarrlok's plotting, but keep your guard up. It's not like him to throw a party just for the fun of it."
Tarrlok says: "So glad you could make it, Avatar Korra.  If you'd excuse us, the city awaits its hero."
Tenzin says: "Meelo! No, that's not a toilet! Oh dear."
Tarrlok says: "Korra, it's my pleasure to introduce Republic City's most famous industrialist, Hiroshi Sato."
Korra says: "Nice to meet you."
Hiroshi Sato says: "We're all expecting great things from you."
Korra says: "Right,  greatness."
Mako says: "Hey, Korra!"
Hiroshi Sato says: "This is my daughter, Asami."
Asami says: "It's lovely to meet you. Mako's told me so much about you."
Korra says: "Really? Because he hasn't mentioned you at all. How did you two meet?"
Bolin says: "Asami crashed into him on her moped."
Korra says: "What? Are you okay?"
Mako says: "I'm fine. More than fine. Mister Sato agreed to sponsor our team; we're back in the tournament!"
Bolin says: "Hehe, isn't that great?"
Korra says: "Yeah, terrific."
Tarrlok says: "Chief Beifong, I believe you and Avatar Korra have already met."
Lin Beifong says: "Just because the city's throwing you this big to-do,  don't think you're something special.  You've done absolutely nothing to deserve this."
Tarrlok says: "If you'd be so kind, they just have a couple of questions."
Korra says: "But ..."
Reporter #1 says: "Avatar Korra, you witnessed Amon take away people's bending firsthand. How serious a threat does he pose to the innocent citizens of Republic City?"
Korra says: "I think he presents a real problem."
Reporter #2 says: "Then why have you refused to join Tarrlok's task force? As the Avatar, shouldn't you be going after Amon?"
Korra says: "Well, I ..."
Reporter #2 says: "Why are you backing away from this fight?"
Korra says: "What? No! I've never backed away from anything in my life!"
Reporter #3 says: "You promised to serve this city, aren't you going back on that promise now?"
Reporter #4 says: "Do you think pro-bending is more important than fighting the revolution?"
Reporter #5 says: "How do you think Avatar Aang would have handled this?"
Reporter #2 says: "Are you afraid of Amon?"
Korra says: "I am not afraid of anybody! If the city needs me then ...  I'll join Tarrlok's task force and help fight Amon."
Tarrlok says: "There's your headline, folks."
