Jinora says: "Come back, Furry-Foot."
Kya says: "Hey, Jinora, what are you chasing?"
Jinora says: "Nothing."
Tenzin says: "Focus, Korra. Focus."
Korra says: "I am focusing."
Tenzin says: "No talking. Feel the energy of the universe."
Korra says: "Okay, I feel it."
Tenzin says: "Korra, really! I'm trying to concentrate here! I don't think this location is going to work either."
Korra says: "What's going on with you? First, you're blaming Meelo, then Kya, and now me."
Tenzin says: "Well, nothing is feeling right to me."
Korra says: "I don't want to rush your feelings, but we're kind of in a hurry. How did you first get into the Spirit World? Let's try that."
Tenzin says: "Well ... actually, I've never been into the Spirit World."
Korra says: "You've never been into the Spirit World?"
Pema says: "But you used to spend days in the temple meditating."
Tenzin says: "Trying to get in. It never happened. It's my greatest shortcoming as an airbender, spiritual leader, and son of Aang."
Bumi says: "Welcome to the "I Disappoint Dad" club."
Kya says: "If you've never been to the Spirit World, how were you planning to get Korra into it?"
Tenzin says: "I've spent years studying the techniques and theories of ancient spiritual leaders. Now that the Avatar needs me, it must be my time."
Korra says: "Tenzin, Harmonic Convergence is almost here. If Vaatu escapes from the Spirit World—"
Tenzin says: "You have to trust me. I can help you."
Kya says: "There might be another way. Jinora, is there something you want to tell Korra?"
Tenzin says: "Jinora? She's too young and untrained to have any knowledge about spiritual matters."
Jinora says: "Actually, I think I do know where Korra needs to go to get into the Spirit World."
Tenzin says: "And how would you know that?"
Jinora says: "My spirit friends showed me.  It's okay. You can show yourselves."
Tenzin says: "How did you do that?"
Pema says: "Jinora."
Meelo says: "Bunnies!"
Jinora says: "Actually, they're dragonfly bunny spirits."
Kya says: "I knew it. Looks like she does know something about spiritual matters."
Ikki says: "So cute!"
Meelo says: "Bunnies!"
Ikki says: "Come back!"
Tenzin says: "How long have you been able to do this?"
Jinora says: "I don't know.  I guess I've always kind of had a connection with spirits."
Bumi says: "I think this one likes me."
Korra says: "Are they here to help?"
Jinora says: "I think they want you to go down there."
Tenzin says: "I don't know. The spiritual energy is historically strongest near the temple."
Korra says: "No offense, but I'm guessing the spirits have actually been to the Spirit World, so I'm gonna follow them."
Bumi says: "If we need to go to the Tenzin World, we'll call you."
