Asami says: "Huh?  Hey! In a hurry?"
Korra says: "Sorry, I have to talk to Varrick."
Asami says: "Yeah, me too."
Varrick says: "Oh, hello!  See? I told you I could do it."
Bolin says: "Sorry I ever doubted you."
Korra says: "We can't wait for the President to act. We need those troops now."
Asami says: "And my company is about to go under. I have to find a way to make some sales."
Varrick says: "Right, okay. Got it. Idea storm!  Get the supplies!  You're about to get an inside look at how Varrick Global Industries stays at the forefront of imagination innovation, or "imagivation"! That's trademarked, pal.  Brainwork requires increased circulation.  Let's do this!  Okay, here come the ideas. Fast and furious. Pink mint lemon tea. Radio for pets. Uh, hand shoes. Hold on a tic. We don't need the President to go to the South. We just need the troops! Let's go straight to them! If there's one thing I know about troops, it's that they love fighting."
Korra says: "I know General Iroh. He might be willing to help us."
Varrick says: "A man on the inside. Perfect!  And you need to sell some mecha tanks. I know some people who need them. We'll ship 'em South."
Korra says: "That's perfect! You'll be making money for your company and you'll be helping to defeat Unalaq."
Varrick says: "It's true. If you can't make money during a war, you just flat-out cannot make money."
Asami says: "It's dangerous on the seas right now, but I'm willing to try if you are."
Varrick says: "It'll be crazy risky, but I love crazy risky! End storm!  Zhu Li, get those other ideas to research and development. I want prototypes by next week."
Korra says: "I don't understand why it's so hard to get Republic City to support the South."
Varrick says: "Don't worry, I'm already working on that. As soon as people see this, they'll be lining up to fight Unalaq. Zhu Li, do the, uh-- the thing."
Bolin says: "Don't freak out. It's not real."
Varrick says: "I had a film crew documenting the entire Northern invasion."
Bolin says: "Ahhh! Sorry. I keep doing that."
Varrick says: "We're gonna cut this footage together with scenes we shoot of our superstar Bolin here playing a Southern Water Tribe hero  battling the evil Unalaq. No one will root for the North after they see "The Adventures of Nuktuk: Hero of the South"!"
Bolin says: "I'm Nuktuk! What do you think?"
