Wu says: "I mean, to need distance from women.  Because I have so many, all over me, all the time."
Mako says: "Anyway,  I eventually helped Korra defeat Zaheer and save the airbenders.  And we did it as friends. Korra showed me the importance of putting others before myself  and whenever I think of her, she continues to inspire me."
Wu says: "Wow! That story is amazing and I really learned something!"
Mako says: "You did? Good."
Wu says: "Yeah! I learned that I really didn't know anything about you! Crazy!  Also, I realized that ladies are complicated. No offense, Grandma."
Yin says: "None taken."
Wu says: "I better just focus on being a better king.  Okay, come at me. I can take it."
Wu says: "Aahhhhh! Wu down!"
Asami says: "I brought you some tea.  I thought you might be cold out here."
Korra says: "You're so sweet.  Thanks."
Asami says: "Are you okay? You seem out of sorts."
Korra says: "Sorry. I've just been thinking about something Toph said. She told me that the world doesn't need me and it's basically pointless to try and stop Kuvira."
Asami says: "That's ridiculous."
Korra says: "At the time, I thought so, too. I figured she was just being her normal, cranky self. But I'm beginning to think she had a point."
Asami says: "No, she doesn't. The world does need you. You're the Avatar."
Korra says: "But no matter what I do, the world seems to always be out of balance!  Growing up, I couldn't wait to be the Avatar. I thought I was really gonna change things. I was so naive.  The first time I saw Amon take someone's bending away, I was terrified."
Amon says: "Your firebending is gone! Forever."
Korra says: "Then my worst nightmare came true."
Mako says: "Korra!"
Korra says: "No!"
Amon says: "I told you I would destroy you."
Asami says: "Korra, you're forgetting about all the good that happened after you exposed Amon as the fraud he was. The Equalist Movement lost its leader and its power.  Free elections were held in the United Republic and nonbenders finally had a voice.  People had hope again and it was all because of you."
Korra says: "And I was hopeful, too. That feeling didn't last long.  As soon as I defeated Amon, a new enemy took his place.  I can't believe I trusted you. You made me think you wanted to restore balance with the spirits, but this, this isn't balance, it's madness! Now let her go!"
Unalaq says: "If you want your friend to make it out of the Spirit World, you'll open the other portal now."
Korra says: "Because of Unalaq, I betrayed Tenzin, opened the portals, and threw the Spirit and human worlds into chaos.  It was my fault he fused with Vaatu and became a Dark Avatar.  And I was helpless to stop him from destroying Raava and cutting off my connection to my past lives.  With Raava gone, Unalaq and Vaatu became more powerful than ever."
Asami says: "But you became more powerful, too. I mean ... you turned into a giant spirit."
Korra says: "Yeah ... that was pretty awesome."
Asami says: "And opening the spirit portals turned out to be a good thing.  You brought back the airbenders and caused a positive shift in the world."
Korra says: "Yes,  but Zaheer got airbending too and nearly killed me.  If it weren't for Zaheer,  the Earth Queen would still be alive. There would have been no crisis in the Earth Kingdom  and Kuvira wouldn't be in power.  Things are more out of balance than ever now. Nothing's changed!"
