Bolin says: "Mr. Feeeeng! Hey, you wanna bet on the fight tonight?"
Mr. Feng says: "Come back here, you little rat weasel!"
Mr. Feng says: "Oh, thanks for grabbing him, Bolin.  He's been trying to escape ever since he figured out I'm going to feed him to the new pythonaconda I just got in."
Bolin says: "What? You're going to turn him into a snake snack?  Wait, I'll buy him. How much?"
Mr. Feng says: "Five yuans."
Mako says: "No, the last thing we need is one more mouth to feed."
Bolin says: "But it's such a tiny mouth!  Pleeeaase? We can't just leave him for snake food!"
Mako says: "Bolin! You have to toughen up!  Big animals eat the little animals, that's just how it goes.  How much do you want to put on the match tonight, Mr. Feng?"
Bolin says: "Hey! Toza!"
Toza says: "Oh.  You're the kid who works with the Triple Threats.  What, does Shady Shin want me to belly-flop into the pool so I'm extra humiliated tonight?"
Bolin says: "I just wanted to say, you don't have to throw the fight. I mean ... you're the best!"
Toza says: "I was the best. But now my body and my bank account are exactly the same: broke.  I made my decision! Leave me alone!"
Mako says: "What are you doing? Are you trying to get us in trouble with Shady Shin?"
Bolin says: "No! I just ... Maybe I'm not as mean as you! Maybe I just can't turn my back on people when they're down!"
Bolin says: "Little fire ferret.  Helloo?  I got you buddy. Huh, looks like that snake wasn't hungry after all.  I wonder where he i—"
Mako says: "You really have a knack for getting into stupid situations, you know that?"
Bolin says: "Yeah, thanks Mako."
Mako says: "C'mon, we should get out of here."
Bolin says: "No, not without him."
Mako says: "All right. But his food comes out of your half."
Bolin says: "Hooray! You're with us now, Pabu!"
Bolin says: "I named him Pabu."
Mako says: "How did you come up with that?"
Bolin says: "I don't know. It just kind of came to me while the snake was strangling me. Oxygen deprivation gives you some good ideas."
