Bolin says: "So let me ask you about metalbending. Su tried to teach me, but I couldn't get the hang of it."
Toph says: "I used to have an academy to train metalbending. Even blockheads like you can figure it out with the right instruction."
Lin says: "Yeah, you're a real sensitive instructor."
Bolin says: "I did learn how to lavabend."
Toph says: "Really? It's a very rare ability.  Maybe you do have some talent."
Bolin says: "I can't believe ... you think I'm talented?  That means so much to me coming from my hero."
Lin says: "Yeah, she's real encouraging."
Toph says: "Hey! I'm blind, not deaf."
Bolin says: "So here's something I've always been curious about: Who's Lin's dad?"
Toph says: "He was a guy named Kanto. Nice man, but it didn't really work out between us."
Bolin says: "And ...  okay."
Toph says: "Lin, I can feel your enraged breathing from here. Just say what you have to say and let's get it over with."
Lin says: "Just get it over with? Yeah, let's not linger on the fact that I grew up without a dad. No need to get all touchy-feely about it. Just one of those things, right?"
Toph says: "Hey, I forgave you for all your garbage a long time ago and Su and I worked things out.  You're the only one who wants to hold on to this family drama nonsense  for the rest of your life."
Lin says: "Forgave me for what?!  And not knowing my dad is nonsense to you?  It was pretty important to me.  And until now, you would never even discuss it. You know, after Su and I patched things up, I thought, "maybe I should try to reach out to mom."  But now that we're together again, I remember why we stopped talking.  You make me furious  and you don't even know why. And when I tell you, you don't care.  Once we save Su, you and I are finished."
Toph says: "If that's your decision and it makes you happy, then fine."
Opal says: "The test is about to start. They're going to blow up that empty town we flew over yesterday.  You're clear to go."
Lin says: "Copy that.  We're clear to go."
