Asami says: "If we don't find Wu soon, we might never find him."
Korra says: "He's on that train!"
Mako says: "How do you know for sure he's here?"
Korra says: "I don't. But I had a feeling, okay?"
Mako says: "And I'm just supposed to trust your "Avatar Feelings"?"
Korra says: "You wouldn't have to if you had guarded the prince like you were supposed to."
Mako says: "Oh, so it's my fault Wu disappeared."
Korra says: "It's certainly not mine!"
Asami says: "Guys, shh. Listen."
Mako says: "Wu! Wu, it's me."
Wu says: "Mako? Where am I? Am I dead?"
Mako says: "No, you're on a train. We're gonna get you out of here."
Korra says: "Everyone out."
Wu says: "I'm not going up there."
Korra says: "Jump!"
Mako says: "You all right?"
Wu says: "Yes! Thank you, thank you, thank you, thank you, thank you, thank you, thank you, thank you, thank you.  You are definitely getting a raise, Buddy."
Mako says: "You should be thanking Korra. We never would have found you with out her."
Wu says: "I owe you my life, Avatar. If only there was some way to repay you. Oh, I know.  How about I take you out for a night on the town?"
Korra says: "Really? You're asking me out right now?"
Wu says: "So ... I put you down for a "maybe"?"
Korra says: "How about a never?"
Korra says: "Not exactly what I imagined for our first day back together."
Asami says: "But it was kind of like old times.  Except for the getting on each other's nerves part."
Mako says: "Actually, that is like old times for me and Korra."
Korra says: "I'm sorry things got so tense earlier."
Asami says: "It's all right. I guess after being apart for three years, there's bound to be a bit of an adjustment period."
Mako says: "Yeah, but it's great to have you back."
Korra says: "There's no place else I'd rather be."
Wu says: "You guys are the greatest friends a guy could have."
Korra says: "So, what are we gonna do with him? It's too dangerous to take him back to the hotel."
Wu says: "Whoo! You're telling me! I need a cushy safe house somewhere."
Mako says: "I think I know just the place."
Wu says: "Nice digs, Mako. You didn't tell me you came from money."
Mako says: "I don't. This is Asami's place. She was nice enough to let my family stay here after they fled Ba Sing Se."
Yin says: "Mako! It's so wonderful to--  Are you ..."
Mako says: "Grandma, this is Prince Wu. He needs to stay with you and the family for a little while."
Wu says: "It's an honor, Grandma Mako."
Mako says: "She loves royalty."
Wu says: "I think I'll fit right in here.  Thanks for looking out for me, Mako.  Now where's the nearest bathroom? I have been holding it all day!"
