Bolin says: "Hello Republic Cit-ay! Bolin ... is back!  And ... Eska is also here."
Eska says: "I see you have replaced me with a new girlfriend.  Well done, she seems very threatening."
Bolin says: "Oh no no, that's Kuvira, she's kind of my boss."
Eska says: "Boss, girlfriend. Same thing."
Cam says: "I'm afraid there's been a mistake, Your Eminence. We have you and your brother booked in the same room, with only one bed."
Eska says: "It's no mistake. Desna sleeps in the tub."
Varrick says: "Never thought I'd be allowed back in the Republic City Four Elements.  Raiko must have turned purple when Kuvira made him pardon me of my alleged crimes."
Zhu Li says: "You're an upstanding citizen again, sir."
Varrick says: "Upstanding is right!  And don't forget to fill the extra bag with as many of those little soaps as you can grab.  Love the lavender scent."
Mako says: "Bolin!  Look at you! My little brother got all ... important."
Bolin says: "I know, right? I see myself in the mirror sometimes and I think I'm in trouble before I realize: it's only me."
Mako says: "So, what's it like working for Kuvira?  From what I've heard, she's pretty harsh."
Bolin says: "No! I—I mean, she can be tough, sure, but we're turning around the Earth Kingdom like you wouldn't believe! You remember how bad Grandma's neighborhood in Ba Sing Se was? All that's completely changed, I mean, we are really ... helping people. But what have you been up to? Fighting crime?  Busting triads? Chasing the ladies,  Mako-style?"
Mako says: "Well, I've been working for Wu.  And, uhhh ...  Yeah."
Bolin says: "So, have you seen Korra yet?"
Mako says: "No. She was supposed to come in with Tonraq, but he said she left the South Pole months ago. No one knows where she is."
Baatar Jr. says: "Mother."
Suyin says: "Hello, Baatar Jr."
Baatar Jr. says: "It's just "Baatar" now. So, now that you've seen all the good we've done since we left Zaofu, you must be sorry that you didn't come and help us."
Suyin says: "I don't know if I'd call marching all over the Earth Kingdom, forcing people to bow to Kuvira, "doing good"."
Baatar Jr. says: "You're going to have to get over your grudge with her. I'm sure you've heard that we're engaged. She's going to be an official member of our family."
Suyin says: "I'm just glad she'll be stepping down after tomorrow."
Baatar Jr. says: "You prefer to be ruled by  that royal idiot?"
Wu says: "I hope I'm not out of order saying this: You're pretty easy on the eyes for a military type.  I'll put in a good word for you with the hotel staff, maybe get you a little upgrade. I've been living here for years, they love me."
Kuvira says: "I won't be needing your help. We've reserved the presidential suite."
Wu says: "Well, I think someone is pulling your chain, gumdrop! See, I'm in the presidential suite."
Kuvira says: "Not anymore. I had you moved out."
Wu says: "Wait, what?  Cam, where's all my stuff?"
Cam says: "We've moved you into a very nice junior suite on the seventh floor."
Wu says: "Junior suite?"
Kuvira says: "Something you should know about me: I always get what I want."
