Kuvira says: "There is a grave injustice that must be corrected. As you all know, after the Hundred Year War, Avatar Aang,  along with Fire Lord Zuko, stole Earth Empire land and formed the United Republic.  This land belongs to the people of the Earth Empire and it's time to take it back! Republic City will be ours!"
Soldiers says: "All hail the Great Uniter!"
Kuvira says: "Are you ready to show the world what a true superpower looks like?"
Baatar Jr. says: "Yes. I'm honored to march into the city by your side.  I love you, Kuvira."
Kuvira says: "I never could have done this without your help. After we claim victory, we can finally get married  and rule our empire together."
Korra says: "How's the evacuation coming?"
Wu says: "Could be better.  At this point we've evacuated almost ...  eighteen families."
Korra says: "Only eighteen? There are millions of people in this city!"
Wu says: "I said it could be better."
Mako says: "The problem is, it's a voluntary evacuation and there aren't very many volunteers. They just don't feel like they're in any immediate danger."
Bolin says: "Guys! Good, you're all here!"
Raiko says: "What's with you interrupting my important meetings all the time?"
Korra says: "Su ... what are you ... you're okay!  I'm so sorry about Zaofu. How did you escape?"
Bolin says: "Opal, Beifong, and I rescued everyone. But we had a run in with Kuvira. We saw her super spirit weapon up close. Like, really close. Way too close."
Tenzin says: "Is she going to use it against Republic City?"
Zhu Li says: "Yes. I found out she's going to attack in two weeks."
Bolin says: "Ooh! And Zhu Li's on our side now. Actually, she never really switched sides and I'm just gonna let her explain the whole thing. Zhu Li?"
Zhu Li says: "I pretended to be loyal to Kuvira so I could sabotage her weapon. It didn't work, but I did overhear her plans to attack."
Raiko says: "I knew she wouldn't stop at Zaofu."
Lin says: "My guess is, she's coming by rail. It's the only way she can transport that weapon."
Korra says: "Then we'll cut the rail lines."
Raiko says: "I agree. But let's get as many citizens evacuated before we do.  Put out the announcement. The evacuation is now mandatory."
Mako says: "We're on it."
Korra says: "Don't worry Mr. President. I won't let Kuvira take our city."
