Kai says: "We should go down there. I want to fly one of those bisons."
Jinora says: "I don't know. We might get in trouble."
Kai says: "Come on? Let's have some fun. We'll be back before anyone realizes we're gone."
Jinora says: "I guess it would be all right."
Kai says: "Look! Baby bisons.  How come they're on the ground?"
Jinora says: "Air bison calves can't fly after a week or two after they're born. So the entire herd will stay near the ground, near the valley."
Kai says: "Let's go see the babies."
Jinora says: "Be careful. The mothers are very protective."
Kai says: "Aww, look how cute!"
Jinora says: "Kai, get out of there!"
Kai says: "Wow, you really saved me down there. You know, you're an incredible airbender."
Jinora says: "Well, I've been training for a long time."
Kai says: "Then, why don't you have tattoos like an airbending master?"
Jinora says: "My dad says I'm not a master yet."
Kai says: "You can do everything your dad can.  Plus, you have all these spirit-y powers. If anyone's a master, you are."
Bumi says: "And so, we bring the net down on  the head pirate, and he looks around real sad and says,  "I knew I should have followed my dreams and become a dentist.""
Yung says: "How come you grow up to be so cool, while Tenzin became  such a stick-in-the-mud?"
Bumi says: "Well, I guess cool is something you're born with."
Tenzin says: "Bumi, can I talk to you?"
Bumi says: "Let me guess, you want to criticize me for something?"
Tenzin says: "Actually, I need your help."
Bumi says: "Oh yeah. With what?"
Tenzin says: "I don't think I'm doing well with the new airbenders, and everyone knows you're a natural leader."
Bumi says: "True, I did win the Admiral Tung Natural Leadership Award, twice."
Tenzin says: "What would you do if you were in charge? Help me be more like you."
Bumi says: "I'd love to.  You've got to use military discipline to whip these troops into shape. The only way to deal with new recruits is to  break them down so you can  build them back up. Rule with an iron fist.  Show them who the master is."
Tenzin says: "Thanks for the insight."
Bumi says: "My pleasure."
