Suyin says: "You know, before I built this city, there was nothing here. I wanted to make my mark on the world."
Korra says: "It's amazing. Thank you for being so welcoming. And I'm sorry for how Lin's been acting. Can I ask what happened with you two?"
Suyin says: "It's complicated. We didn't have a normal childhood. Neither of us knew our fathers and Toph was always busy being Chief of Police. Because mom grew up in such a strict household, she gave us all the freedom in the world, hoping we'd figure out our own paths."
Korra says: "That sounds like a good thing."
Suyin says: "And in a way it was. But we both ended up fighting for mom's attention. Lin followed in her footsteps and became a cop. I was ... more of a rebel. Mom wasn't too happy with how either of us turned out. When I was sixteen, I left home to explore the world.  I sailed the seas on a pirate ship, joined a traveling circus for a while, and lived in a sandbender commune in a desert. It took me a while, but, I finally realized what I was looking for was a family. So I bought this plot of land, found a brilliant architect who later became my husband, and created a place I could truly call home."
Korra says: "It sounds like you've created the perfect life here."
Suyin says: "Almost. I've always wanted Lin to be a part of it, but I gave up hope long ago of her ever coming around."
Bolin says: "Hey, lady. Wow, you really blowin' me away with your airbending.  Ahhh, woo-woosh, psst."
Opal says: "Why are you acting weird?"
Bolin says: "Why are you acting weird?"
Opal says: "I don't like how you're talking to me."
Bolin says: "Look, I'm sorry. I just get really self-conscious when I know when a girl likes me, and I-I end up looking stupid."
Opal says: "Who said I liked you?"
Bolin says: "Oh no. But I though ... Mako said-"
Opal says: "Just kidding. But, do me a favor and stop trying.  Look, don't stop trying. Just stop trying so much. Just be yourself."
Bolin says: "Huh. Be myself. Yeah, I guess I can give that a shot."
Opal says: "Oh, hey Korra."
Korra says: "Can I steal you away from Bolin for a minute? I need you help with something."
Zaheer says: ""Let go your earthly tether. Enter the void. Empty and become wind.""
Ikki says: "What are you doing? No one's allowed in Daddy's study except Daddy."
Zaheer says: "I'm sorry. I couldn't sleep."
Ikki says: "What were you reading?"
Zaheer says: "A poem by Guru Laghima, the wisest airbender who ever lived."
Kya says: "Ikki, you should be in bed. C'mon."
Ikki says: "Night."
Zaheer says: "Good night."
Kya says: "You seem to know a lot about airbender history for someone who just got airbending."
Zaheer says: "I've always admired the culture."
Kya says: "And you moved through those gates like a natural. Where did you say you were from?"
Zaheer says: "A small village up north. You've probably never heard of it."
Kya says: "Wait.  Zaheer!"
Kya says: "I need some help!"
White Lotus sentry says: "Hold it right there!"
Zaheer says: "Sorry, I won't be joining you at the Northern Air Temple. I'm afraid I have other plans."
Lin says: "Who is it?"
Korra says: "Hey, it's me. I brought someone who wants to talk to you."
Lin says: "You want to talk? Then talk."
Opal says: "I'm sorry being here has been so hard for you. When you showed up, I was so excited to get to know you. I heard so many great things about you from mom and Grandma Toph. So, I guess I was kind of sad you didn't want to know me.  Believe me, I know my family can be a little crazy and overwhelming some times. But I would love it so much if you would be a part of it."
Lin says: "Get out."
Opal says: "Sorry, did I say something wrong?"
Lin says: "Get out!"
Korra says: "What's your problem? Don't get mad at Opal. I asked her to talk to you because I thought it would help you snap out of whatever funk you're in. But I guess I was wrong."
Lin says: "Why don't you focus on fixing the world, and stop trying to fix my family?"
Korra says: "Su's right. You're never going to change. You're always gonna be a bitter, lonely woman."
Main Asami Sato Bolin Korra Kya Lin Beifong Mako Opal Beifong Suyin Beifong Antagonists Zaheer says: "Minor Aiwei Baatar Baatar Jr. Chef Daw Huan Ikki Kuvira Meelo Naga Pabu Pema Poki Varrick Wei and Wing White Lotus sentries Zhu Li"
Shiro Shinobi says: "Republic City is a war zone! While Prince Wu led the remaining citizens to safety, Team Avatar battled Kuvira's giant mech, but no amount of bending could bring it down! In a last-ditch effort, Asami and her father outfitted the hummingbird suits with platinum cutters. Hiroshi helped Team Avatar infiltrate the mecha giant, but he paid the ultimate price! Is victory within reach for our heroes?"
