Tenzin says: "After your coronation, the United Forces will escort you to Ba Sing Se."
Wu says: "Right. About that. Are we all positive that the Earth Kingdom is safe enough for me to return? I don't have to remind everyone what happened to my great-aunt three years ago?!  May she rest in peace."
Raiko says: "Prince Wu, I assure you, Kuvira has the Earth Kingdom pretty much stabilized at this point."
Wu says: "Uh ... define "pretty much"."
Tenzin says: "Well, the roving bandits have mostly been dispersed."
Wu says: "Mostly?"
Lin says: "Don't worry kid. The chances of you being assassinated are almost zero."
Wu says: "Almost?"
Shopkeeper says: "Get out of here! We don't have anything left."
Bandit #1 says: "Now you don't have anything left."
Kai says: "It's safe to come out, everyone! The airbenders are here."
Governor says: "You finally made it! So where are the rest of you?"
Opal says: "Actually, it's just the two of us, but we're going to do everything we can to help. I'm Opal, and this is Kai."
Kai says: "It's nice to meet you."
Governor says: "What? I called Master Tenzin because my state has been under siege by bandits for months. They blocked all the roads, cut off our supply lines, and all he sent is you two kids?"
Kai says: "Hey, us two kids just took care of those three guys for you."
Governor says: "There are hundreds more where they came from. My citizens are going hungry. Our entire state is on the brink of collapse."
Opal says: "Unfortunately, the Air Nation is spread thin right now. We're all you have."
Bolin says: "We just got some good news.  Two more Earth Kingdom states have agreed to join us."
Baatar Jr. says: "Excellent! Thank you, Bolin.  We're ninety percent there, Kuvira."
Varrick says: "That's great! Zhu Li, dish out some of that special celebration tea!"
Kuvira says: "None for me. I won't celebrate until the Earth Kingdom is one hundred percent reunited."
Kuvira says: "Why have we stopped?"
Driver says: "Apologies. There are rocks on the tracks. It's most likely bandits. We're sending troops to handle the situation."
Kuvira says: "Call them off. I will take care of the bandits myself."
