Lin says: "My metalbenders are on their way to Amon, and it's all my fault. Tarrlok's right, I've failed as chief. First thing in the morning, I'm handing in my resignation."
Tenzin says: "No! You can't give up like this!"
Lin says: "I'm not giving up. I'm gonna find my officers and take Amon down. But I'm gonna do it my way, outside the law."
Mako says: "I'm sorry I didn't believe you. But Asami's dad being an Equalist is not an easy thing to believe. Even now."
Korra says: "I know. I'm sorry this whole thing happened."
Mako says: "So ... does your offer to live in the Air Temple still stand?"
Korra says: "Of course it does. And Asami's welcome, too."
Mako says: "Thank you so much."
Korra says: "After everything she's been through, she's going to need you, Mako."
Main Asami Sato Bolin Korra Lin Beifong Mako Tenzin Antagonists Equalists Hiroshi Sato Lieutenant says: "Minor Butler Lau Gan-Lan Metalbender officer Naga Pabu Saikhan Song Tahno Tarrlok Warehouse worker"
Shiro Shinobi says: "Bolin's a hero. The mover's star stopped Varrick's kidnapping attempt on President Raiko, proving his brother's innocence. Mako and Korra were reunited, but Korra has no memory of their break-up. Meanwhile, Jinora's spirit is still trapped in the Spirit World, and Tonraq and his southern forces have been defeated. Now it's up to Team Avatar to stop Unalaq before Harmonic Convergence."
Mako says: "What's up with the coat? And where did you get that pie?"
Bolin says: "It's a Varrick ship, you never know what you're gonna find. There's a whole level filled with fun-house mirrors. Of course, there's also the catgator deck.  I miss that guy, he really knew how to make a long trip interesting. So, have you told Korra yet about how  you guys broke up, and you kinda started dating Asami while she was off getting attacked by dark spirits?"
Mako says: "Will you keep it down? I'm waiting for the right moment."
Bolin says: "Oh Mako, you know a wise man once told me that delivering bad news to a girlfriend was like ripping off a blood-sucking leech: you just have to do it fast and get it over with."
Mako says: "I hate it when you listen to me. Fine!"
Tenzin says: "Unalaq will be waiting for you. You'll need all of your Avatar power to stop him."
Korra says: "I'm going to close the spirit portals, lock Vaatu in for another ten thousand years, and make Unalaq wish he'd never been born."
Korra says: "Thanks Mako."
Mako says: "Uh ... Um ..."
Korra says: "Did you want something?"
Mako says: "Uh no, no, nothing."
Tenzin says: "As soon as we reach the Southern Water Tribe, we'll blast through the blockade at the main portal.  Then we can rendezvous with Tonraq and his troops, crash through the defenses around the portal, and enter the Spirit World."
Kya says: "Woah! Since when does my little brother wanna crash or blast through anything?"
Tenzin says: "I'll do whatever it takes to save my daughter."
Bumi says: "We all want to save Jinora, but I think your plan might be a tad over-aggressive, seeing as there are only seven of us and one ship."
Tenzin says: "Really? And what do you suggest?"
Bumi says: "An attack like this calls for strategy. I remember when I was surrounded by pirates at the Hurricane Straits. We managed to capture them all, with just a feather, two eggs and a barrel of molasses."
Tenzin says: "I don't want to hear any of your crazy stories now! This is serious!"
Bolin says: "Are we almost there?"
Asami says: "Almost, but ...  I just picked up a distress signal from the southern troops.  There's a problem."
Korra says: "Mom!"
Senna says: "I'm so happy you're here."
Korra says: "Where's Dad?"
Senna says: "Unalaq wiped out the entire southern resistance, and captured your father."
Korra says: "I'll get him back."
Tenzin says: "Where is my mother?"
Senna says: "She's in the healing hut. So many injured."
