Mako says: "Are you sure you're ready for this?"
Korra says: "Yes. I think if I see Zaheer chained up, I'll finally realize that he's not a threat anymore."
White Lotus guard says: "Approach the wall."
Korra says: "No. I need to do this alone."
Zaheer says: "I figured you would show up sooner or later. So ... you must really be in trouble if you came all the way down here to see me."
Korra says: "I came here to look you in the eye and tell you that you have no power over me. I will no longer be scared of you."
Zaheer says: "I guess it didn't work. You still seem scared."
Korra says: "This was a mistake."
Zaheer says: "I know why you're here."
Korra says: "You don't know anything about me!"
Zaheer says: "You can't go into the Spirit World. I spend most of my time in the Spirit World and it's well known that the Avatar's spirit hasn't been there for a few years."
Korra says: "You can meditate into the Spirit World from here? Doesn't feel very spiritually charged."
Zaheer says: "This is your problem. Republic City is flowing with spiritual energy and you can't even tap into it."
Korra says: "No, my problem is you! You poisoned me! You've ruined me! People used to think I was unstoppable, but now they don't think I'm capable of anything!"
Zaheer says: "Blaming me is a crutch to make you feel better, but it's not helping you recover."
Korra says: "I thought seeing you face-to-face would put an end to all of this. But maybe it's time I realize I'll never be the same."
Zaheer says: "Neither of us are the same as before. I learned to fly, but now I'm bound in chains. You have all the power in the world and the freedom to use it, but you choose to hold yourself down."
Korra says: "I'm not holding myself down, but my powers have limits!"
Zaheer says: "You're wrong. That poison should've killed you, but you were able to fight it off. You think your power has limits; I say, it's limitless."
Korra says: "Whatever. Before, you were always talking about chaos and freedom. Then you took out the Earth Queen and created the worst dictator the Earth Kingdom has ever seen. Thanks for that!"
Zaheer says: "I've heard rumors about her, but I didn't know she achieved so much power. She needs to be stopped."
Korra says: "Well, I can't stop her unless I get over this block."
Zaheer says: "I think I can help. Let me lead you into the Spirit World."
Korra says: "No way. I can't trust you."
Zaheer says: "Maybe not. But if you had any other options, you wouldn't be here now, would you? We may have been enemies once, but for now, our interests align."
Korra says: "I've come this far. What have I got to lose?"
Zaheer says: "Focus on the sound of my voice and clear your mind.  Let it play out."
Korra says: "I can't!"
Zaheer says: "You can. Accept what happened to you. Don't fear what might have been."
Korra says: "I have no control!"
Zaheer says: "Don't be afraid. Hold on!"
Korra says: "I made it ... and you led me here. Do you know where Jinora and the others are?"
Zaheer says: "No, but you do."
Korra says: "Raava, I missed you. Where have you been?"
Raava says: "I have always been inside of you."
Korra says: "Can you help me find Jinora?  How do I release their spirits?"
Raava says: "You must bend the energy within."
Korra says: "But I'm powerless in the Spirit World."
Raava says: "No. You're most powerful here. In the Spirit World, you're connected to all the spiritual energy."
Ryu says: "Ugh ... I feel all spirity."
Jinora says: "Dad!"
Tenzin says: "I'm so glad you're safe. What happened? How did you get out?"
Jinora says: "Korra saved us."
