Korra says: "You and I need to talk."
Tarrlok says: "Are any of the other council members here?"
Council page says: "I believe everyone has gone home for the night."
Tarrlok says: "Then you should do the same."
Council page says: "Are you sure, sir?"
Tarrlok says: "Leave us.  You obviously have something on your mind? Spit it out."
Korra says: "Don't you see? You're doing exactly what Amon says is wrong with benders. You're using your power to oppress and intimidate people!"
Tarrlok says: "And you don't?"
Korra says: "Of-  Of course not!"
Tarrlok says: "Isn't that what you came here to do? Intimidate me into releasing your friends.  See, that's what I admire about you, Korra. Your willingness to go to extremes in order to get what you want. It is a quality we both share."
Korra says: "You and I are nothing alike!"
Tarrlok says: "Look, I'll make you a deal. You fall in line and do what I say and I'll release your friends."
Korra says: "That's why you arrested them? To get to me?"
Tarrlok says: "I need your answer."
Korra says: "No. You might be able to manipulate Chief Saikhan into following you, but it won't work on me."
Tarrlok says: "You will regret that decision."
Korra says: "You need to be stopped!  You're just as bad as Amon!"
Tarrlok says: "I've tried to work with you, Korra, but you've made it impossible."
Korra says: "Still think that I'm a half-baked Avatar?"
Korra says: "What are you gonna do now? You're all out of water, pal."
Tarrlok says: "You're in my way Avatar, and you need to be removed."
Korra says: "You're, you're a bloodbender?"
Tarrlok says: "Very observant."
Korra says: "It's not a full moon!  How- how are you doing this?!"
Tarrlok says: "There are a lot of things you don't know about me."
Korra says: "Where are you taking me?"
Tarrlok says: "Somewhere no one will find you.  Say goodbye to Republic City, Avatar Korra. You'll never see it again!"
Korra says: "You can't do this!  Let me out!  Garh!"
Main Asami Sato Bolin Korra Mako Tenzin Antagonists Equalists Saikhan Tarrlok says: "Minor Aang (flashback only) Air Acolytes Council page Defense attorney (flashback only) Ikki Jinora Meelo Metalbending Police Force Naga Pabu Sokka (flashback only) Toph (flashback only) Yakone (flashback only)"
Shiro Shinobi says: "After Korra failed to return to Republic City, everyone has been worried about her fate. So Tenzin tasked Jinora, Ikki and Meelo with finding the Avatar. Unbeknownst to the kids, Korra found refuge in the swamp with Toph, who discovered there was still metal poison in her body, but when Toph tried removing it, Korra resisted. Will the airbender kids find the Avatar and help her return to action?"
