Kya says: "I told you those rocks were slippery. You're lucky you didn't kill yourself."
Bumi says: "You done with the lecture, Mom?"
Kya says: "Oh, grow up! You haven't changed one bit since we were kids. You're still trying to prove you can do everything a bender can. Well, you can't. Deal with it."
Bumi says: "And you're not our mother. You don't get to tell me what I can and can't do. Deal with that.  Ugh."
Kya says: "Good luck healing yourself with your special nonbending powers."
Bumi says: "Hey, hey, back me up here, Tenzin."
Tenzin says: "Kya's right. You're the oldest of us, but you always acted like the youngest. I had to become the responsible one."
Kya says: "You think you're the responsible one?  Where were you after Dad died and Mom was all alone? Because I was the only one who packed up and moved my whole life to be with her."
Tenzin says: "Sure, after years of flitting around the world, trying to find yourself. It was time for you to settle down somewhere.  You two have no idea how it feels to have the future of an entire culture on your shoulders."
Bumi says: "Oh, boo-hoo. Must've been real hard for you, flying around the world with Dad, riding elephant koi all day."
Tenzin says: "Oh, so that's what this is all about."
Kya says: "That's what it's always been about. You think you're some savior who has to carry on Dad's legacy."
Tenzin says: "Who else is going to do it?"
Kya says: "How about all of us?"
Bumi says: "Yeah, we're Aang's kids too."
Kya says: "We never should have come on this vacation."
Bumi says: "I couldn't agree more."
Tenzin says: "Well, I didn't want you to come in the first place. I can't be around you two right now. Go back to the temple and see if Ikki returned. I'll keep looking out here."
Bumi says: "Fine."
Kya says: "Fine."
Tenzin says: "Fine."
Korra says: "Is it okay if I come in?"
Senna says: "Of course. We heard what happened. Are you okay?"
Korra says: "I'm so glad you weren't there. I don't know what I would've done."
Tonraq says: "I had no idea how far Varrick was willing to go. My brother and I have our differences, but I would never attack him."
Korra says: "I'm sorry for thinking you had anything to do with the rebels. And for all the pain I've caused you and Mom."
Tonraq says: "I'm the one who should apologize. After I saw the Southern Lights return, I was so proud of you. I never should've held you back."
Senna says: "When your father and I found each other, all we wanted was to live a simple life and raise a family. But, then we discovered you were the Avatar, and simple was over. We knew one day the world would need you, and you wouldn't need us anymore."
Korra says: "Mom, Dad,  of course I still need you."
Tonraq says: "We weren't expecting you."
Unalaq says: "Tonraq, Senna, you are under arrest and will stand trial."
Tonraq says: "Trial? For what?"
Unalaq says: "For conspiring to assassinate me."
